insta2 bye 
insta3 ok, a few more... sorry i just had so much fun that day 
insta4 this was one of my favorite shoots i’ve ever done! thank you -a seriously badass woman, for shooting my cover! and thank you to everyone who asked a question for the interview :white_heart: 
insta5 wrapped round my finger like a ring 
insta6 yesterday was so much fun!! has been such a huge figure in my life. i love her humor, her grace and her heart! check out the interview where i’m gushing over her the whole time! 
insta7 well.. 
insta8 it’s officially out! i was a bit embarrassed asking so often for you to stream or buy my album. it felt inauthentic. thank you so much for making something so personal to me be a moment i’ll never forget. all i truly desire is for you all to enjoy the music and spread the love :butterfly::rainbow::dizzy: 
insta9 i hope you guys are liking the album! i just want to thank you guys for supporting me and this body of work. it means the world to me.. you have no idea. sorry if it’s been a lot. anyhow here’s some pics from my rare music video. :brown_heart: 
insta10 did it again :butterfly: rare 
insta11 r.a.r.e 
insta12 had so much fun at the premiere this morning :cherry_blossom::giraffe: oh and i play a giraffe. comes out 1/17! 
insta13 so my rare video is out! so i’m posting a few pics from that day 
insta14 here it is!!! my album is officially out in the universe.. thank you for the souls that worked on this with me. now it’s yours. hope you like it. :rainbow::cherry_blossom::bouquet: 
insta15 there must be a sweeter place. 
insta16 i gotta get you out my head now… i just cut you off. 
insta17 you may not be the one, but you look like fun. 
insta18 i think you’re kinda crazy… and not the good kind, baby. 
insta19 people can go from people you know to people you don’t. 
insta20 if the only other option’s letting go – i’ll stay vulnerable. 
insta21 hi new year. let’s make this one better than the rest. 
insta22 feels so good to dance again 
insta23 merry christmas and many, many blessings to you and your close loved ones!! 4,000 down 6,000 more to go rare is coming out jan 10th :woozy_face: 
insta24 i will share so many of these stories and voices. voices that need to be heard. we are working on something so special that will hopefully change so many lives. this is all i can post for now. you do incredible things and i’m honored to be apart of the family! just the beginning.. my heart will be dedicated to people and serving. 
insta25 i have so much to share about my trip to kenya, london and paris. i wanted to be in every single moment so i’ll share so much more when i get home. this trip was about others... which makes it way more meaningful. serving is the greatest gift. 
insta26 feels good to be back. thank you to my entire team and to my fans that stand by me. all of this is for you and because of you. excited for this chapter :green_heart: 
insta27 amas day.. more to come..:blossom: 
insta28 it was my absolute honor to present the bill of rights award to the incredible activist, artist, songwriter, carrier of hope and my friend. :black_heart: 
insta29 well.. still here. 
insta30 grateful for ze pasta :spaghetti: 
insta31 puma fam. in my cali sport. :red_heart: 
insta32 my love, my heart and my soul :black_heart: 
insta33 so incredibly honored to be part of start the conversation and make sure your voice is heard. join us at :red_heart: 
insta34 hope i’m officially the best big sissy ever now.. she was living her best life!! frozen 2 was amazing!!! styled by: glam: birthed by: :blue_heart: 
insta35 appreciation post for the squad that’s the loyalist since day 1 :blue_heart: 
insta36 my first number 1!! this song is so dear to my heart. i’ve been working so hard to make this album as honest and fun as possible while remaining vulnerable enough to share where i am in life. i love you deeply and thank you so much for listening. i want to thank each and every person that was apart of this moment that i’ll never forget! 
insta37 i miss when was a bear 
insta38 family photos 
insta39 honestly my mom really killed it on my costumes growing up... happy halloween!! :jack-o-lantern::spider_web::black_heart: 
insta40 georgia, toronto, texas met in ny for a quick night :face_savoring_food: 
insta41 getting to celebrate this chapter with my friends means so much to me :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta42 some of my favorite moments on set :red_heart: 
insta43 i went to interscope today to thank everyone for all they do for me! they surprised me with a few plaques from the last few years. but my favorite part of today was showing a few fans my music and the video. i’m so grateful for the love and support i’ve had through out the years. love you 
insta44 made her more of a woman. 
insta45 you promised the world. 
insta46 i needed to lose you to love me. 10.23. link in bio. 
insta47 i gave my all and they all know it. 
insta48 rose colored glasses all distorted. 
insta49 we always go into it blindly. 
insta50 me, all the time 
insta51 happy birthday to my sweet angel -beyond proud of the man you’ve become. 21!! 
insta52 such an honor to share this project with some of my family and friends last night and to introduce them to the amazing, courageous people who shared their stories in the documentary. grateful to play a part in getting this out into the world. :red_heart: 
insta53 my dream come true. my friends surprised me on my birthday with a taping of shark tank and it finally happened!! thank you so much for all being so kind, funny and genuine :shark: 
insta54 my boston photo diary :purple_heart::rainbow: thank you for being so warm and welcoming to me while i was there!! i had the best time meeting so many of you 
insta55 so humbled to have been part of the incredible mclean hospital’s annual dinner and was honored to be able to share a bit of my story. thank you dr. rauch for inviting me and spending time speaking with me about mental health. and thank you to all the amazing staff at mclean. and a huge thank you to david o russell for connecting me with these amazing humans. these are the moments where i am so grateful for the platform god has given me. :red_heart: 
insta56 apparently my heart was very conflicted between juan and cole sprouse when i was 11.. 
insta57 after a whole summer of being roommates, anna, fox and freddy have gone home and i’m missing them already. i get to live life with the best people. i’m pretty freaking lucky. 
insta58 wednesdays, a huge bright blue comfy and winnie. :sun: 
insta59 all kinds of magic :sparkles::rainbow: thank you, for your heart, your insane humor and your words. we laughed, cried and danced. :two_hearts: 
insta60 siri play “i wanna be your lover” 
insta61 lqdcell shatter :running_shoe::running_shoe: by :red_heart: 
insta62 sometimes i can’t express how truly grateful i am. now.. back to work. 
insta63 me, italy -trying desperately to look like a fellini film 
insta64 well i’m 27 now. i wanted to thank each and every one of you for your words on my bday. not just the quick notes. the thought that goes behind every word you write usually ends up with me crying grateful tears like i did last night. praying for all of you!! i love you 
insta65 kids in cages! sleeping on concrete floors with aluminum blankets! no access to simple dignities! how is this still happening??? it’s absolutely inhumane to treat anyone like this let alone children. i can’t even imagine what they are going through. we need to get this to finally stop! don’t stay silent on this human rights issue- please call your reps 202.224.3121 
insta66 living in my cali bolds for summer. 
insta67 when olivia is a star and paul wears your face on a shirt (btw if you haven’t seen olivia’s movie booksmart i don’t understand you) 
insta68 all combo -biker jacket and butterfly parker bag 
insta69 to see what is happening right now in alabama, georgia, mississippi and several other states in our country is not only deeply upsetting but seems that it can’t possibly be real in 2019. it’s no one’s business what a woman chooses to do with her body. end of story. if you want to help fight this, click on the link in my bio to find out how you can volunteer or make a donation. 
insta70 my first time in cannes! i’m so honored to have been a part of this movie with jim and the whole cast. by the way bill murray and i are getting married. 
insta71 been working hard on a new collection with my fam. launches today :airplane: 
insta72 hi cannes...you’re very pretty 
insta73 i owe my life to you momma 
insta74 studio diva 
insta76 yesterday at the empowerment in entertainment event, i had the honor to meet some of the brightest students who might never have imagined a career in hollywood as they were given the opportunity to go to college and work with mentors in the industry. thank you to the most courageous, brave, intellectual, strong, beautiful spirit that is oprah for caring so much about empowering all walks of life but more importantly for being the action and not just standing behind the word. you do it. thank you for continually inspiring us to be kinder, greater and stretching all the boundaries for the better. “from everyone to whom much has been given, much will be required.” 
insta77 i met theresa 5 years ago. we worked together and became best friends. she has taught me how to see life in a fun, carefree and uplifting way. she has shown me how to be a strong and fearless woman. she is beautiful, kind and smart. i saw how capable she was of achieving her dreams. i wanted nothing more than to see her pursue them and soar. and here you are making it happen t. i love you and i am so proud of you. 
insta78 coachella for the night with t 
insta80 loving my new dreamer bag. 
insta81 throw b 
insta82 new season. new parker. same fam. 
insta83 i can’t get enough video is out now. can’t believe we pulled it off in one take- even if i did fall once or twice trying. 
insta84 familia 
insta85 i can’t get enough is out now! link in bio 
insta86 back on set with always in my cali. 
insta87 my best friend is getting married, so we celebrated her! future mrs. lopez 
insta88 my sweet soul sister. julia you have been a huge part of my life. you have taught me how to have courage when i have self doubt. this song is extremely close to my heart as i’ve experienced anxiety and know a lot of my friends do too. you’re never alone if you feel this way. the message is much needed and i really hope you guys like it! 
insta89 lots to look forward to in 2019. i can’t wait to share the projects i’ve been working on with you. the first one is here: cali :running_shoe: by 
insta90 it’s been awhile since you have heard from me, but i wanted to wish everyone a happy new year and to thank you for your love and support. last year was definitely a year of self-reflection, challenges and growth. it’s always those challenges which show you who you are and what you are capable of overcoming. trust me, it’s not easy, but i am proud of the person i am becoming and look forward to the year ahead. love you all. 
insta91 mood lol (i was looking at myself in the mirror -like an idiot!) update: taking a social media break. again. as much as i am grateful for the voice that social media gives each of us, i am equally grateful to be able to step back and live my life present to the moment i have been given. kindness and encouragement only for a bit! just remember- negative comments can hurt anybody’s feelings. obvi. 
insta92 :black_heart: 
insta94 is my real life barbie. she makes all my stuff look cooler :two_hearts:sweater: and rocking cute 
insta95 alright. speaking from my heart for over an hour to someone who puts those thoughts into paid words can be hard for me. the older i get the more i want my voice to be mine. this is all apart of my work within an industry that’s been around longer than all of us have been. the purpose of my interview was three fold. my work with a21, my new collection with coach, and some new music. as i’m aware there will always be interests in one’s personal life because that’s the pace of our ‘social’ generation. i’m grateful for my position and i will always find ways to make my job more about others and giving back— all while having the best time with my music, fashion, film and my love for learning about the world that i’m eager to tap into more and more. church is a name for something far more personal. there’s always agenda seeking information on such a subject and i understand why. rarely do i mention church (and i didn’t) but i’ll always feel comfortable talking about my values and beliefs. i respect that from everyone and anyone. i understand that reporters are working to grab the attention of a reader, however i will always work to ensure that what is public represents my truth. i’m a bit bummed but rarely surprised. y’all know me and my heart. i can’t help it. so i’ll post some of my photos from the collection and work with a21. my heart. and maybe edit my actual lyrics as you will all hear it soon :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: i love you guys to the moon and back. for more information on the work i do with a21 please, please visit link in my bio. so much more on that soon! 
insta96 alright. speaking from my heart for over an hour to someone who puts those thoughts into paid words can be hard for me. the older i get the more i want my voice to be mine. this is all apart of my work within an industry that’s been around longer than all of us have been. the purpose of my interview was three fold. my work with a21, my new collection with coach, and some new music. as i’m aware there will always be interests in one’s personal life because that’s the pace of our ‘social’ generation. i’m grateful for my position and i will always find ways to make my job more about others and giving back— all while having the best time with my music, fashion, film and my love for learning about the world that i’m eager to tap into more and more. church is a name for something far more personal. there’s always agenda seeking information on such a subject and i understand why. rarely do i mention church (and i didn’t) but i’ll always feel comfortable talking about my values and beliefs. i respect that from everyone and anyone. i understand that reporters are working to grab the attention of a reader, however i will always work to ensure that what is public represents my truth. i’m a bit bummed but rarely surprised. y’all know me and my heart. i can’t help it. so i’ll post some of my photos from the collection and work with a21. my heart. and maybe edit my actual lyrics as you will all hear it soon :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: i love you guys to the moon and back. for more information on the work i do with a21 please, please visit link in my bio. so much more on that soon! 
insta97 alright. speaking from my heart for over an hour to someone who puts those thoughts into paid words can be hard for me. the older i get the more i want my voice to be mine. this is all apart of my work within an industry that’s been around longer than all of us have been. the purpose of my interview was three fold. my work with a21, my new collection with coach, and some new music. as i’m aware there will always be interests in one’s personal life because that’s the pace of our ‘social’ generation. i’m grateful for my position and i will always find ways to make my job more about others and giving back— all while having the best time with my music, fashion, film and my love for learning about the world that i’m eager to tap into more and more. church is a name for something far more personal. there’s always agenda seeking information on such a subject and i understand why. rarely do i mention church (and i didn’t) , but i’ll always feel comfortable talking about my values and beliefs. i respect that from everyone and anyone. i understand that reporters are working to grab the attention of a reader, however i will always work to ensure that what is public represents my truth. i’m a bit bummed but rarely surprised. y’all know me and my heart. i can’t help it. so i’ll post some of my photos from the collection and work with a21. my heart. and maybe edit my actual lyrics as you will all hear it soon :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: i love you guys to the moon and back. for more information on the work i do with a21 please, please visit link in my bio. so much more on that soon! 
insta98 today was so fun 
insta99 a few of my favorite things in the entire world!!! update: i had something i’ve thought about for a while that i want to share. this page is my highlights and a few low lights. i post what i am willing to share with you guys. i hear people say all the time that they wish they had someone else’s life based on a few pictures.. we all do it. but this is me sharing some happy moments with you guys. trust me, my life isn’t always this filtered and flowery... we are all on our own journey. :sunflower: 
insta100 and lastly, my actual you are an incredible woman. the way you handle life’s most confusing moments is indescribable and graceful. you are moved by the littlest stories to the most heartbreaking ones, you will give someone your perfume if they say you smell nice, you are freaking hilarious and always stand firm in your faith, a loving sister, an amazing friend and a beautiful daughter. you are the definition of fearfully and wonderfully made baby! 
insta101 best friend turned 26. part 2. because these women have stayed by my side for 7 years 12 years) 4, because you are my 4 for the rest of my life. i love you ladies. you all inspire me to be better, stronger, closer to god and we have lived the most insane story together already. can’t wait for 50 more!! ps had an actual panic attack :face_with_rolling_eyes: it’s a dot! :woman_facepalming_medium_skin_tone: 
insta102 my best friend turned 26. part one. 
insta104 trying out my new selena bags with my friends. we went jumping on trampolines. love y’all! “not perfect, always me” 
insta105 so excited to be a part of the we day inspiration once again! :blue_heart: watch on abc august 17 at 8/7c – you won’t want to miss nellie’s story! 
insta106 hey fam- it’s almost here! first look at my new campaign. my exclusive clothing collection drops in a couple weeks. 
insta107 randoms and film. 
insta108 life 
insta109 another year down.. thank you for all the bday love. i couldn’t be more appreciative of you and my best friends for celebrating with me. i love you guys like crazy! god bless! 
insta111 so excited for everyone to finally see the latest chapter of - it’s out now!!! so much fun getting the fam back together 
insta113 striking a pose in the new defy mid. 
insta114 hope everyone had a great 4th of july! spent mine with some of my favorite people :red_heart: 
insta121 introducing defy- my latest campaign with 
insta122 i’m grateful for those i surround myself with. and this woman right here happens to be one of my favorites. love our tradition and i love you. 
insta123 you’re stuck in my head and i can’t get you out of it. 
insta124 i wanna hold you when i’m not supposed to... 
insta125 out may 10th, part of the s2 soundtrack. i’m so excited for you guys to hear it:heart_exclamation: 
insta126 always need a subtle change. germany family time :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: grateful for the welcome! 
insta127 decided to come to germany to meet my family and thank them and thank you for my first shoe collab being sold out!! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: also for every shoe you bought, you gave to the lupus alliance foundation a donation! 
insta128 a while back i had the honor of being apart of the global citizen concert by having these amazing young men sing my song kill em with kindness in an epically, beautiful way. my heart was legit exploding to see them today!! 
insta129 -my sixth year doing this incredible show. they have such a force of young people that are doing so much for their communities and the world. this is nellie. she’s fearless and is wanting to spread awareness about kidney diseases. 
insta131 photo wall opportunity with the parker bag 
insta133 i don't want this to just be an instagram post anymore. please. enough. these people, families and children have suffered enough. today we march for our lives. i'm going to continue to trust god with the future and also play my part in bringing change. 
insta134 i don't want this to just be an instagram post anymore. please. enough. these people, families and children have suffered enough. today we march for our lives. i'm going to continue to trust god with the future and also play my part in bringing change. 
insta135 i don't want this to just be an instagram post anymore. please. enough. these people, families and children have suffered enough. today we march for our lives. i'm going to continue to trust god with the future and also play my part in bringing change. 
insta136 jo jo you're insane. thank you from the bottom of my heart. i walked into my home to this! 
insta137 protect kids, not guns! 
insta138 fam, my second collection for is going to include clothes! so grateful i got to work on this with can’t wait to show you this fall. 
insta140 thank you and and so grateful to for the interview- link in bio. wearing by and also thanks to my team :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta142 the home i grew up in, from birth to 13... (no one was home when i knocked this time lol) i visit this place every chance i get. in many ways it very well could have been better than my life today, but i’m grateful for a voice that can enable change today. even when i don’t know how to do it well or actually want it. i love you grand prairie. thank you. :red_heart: 
insta143 a new year’s first just for you guys- i’m so excited to reveal my new campaign. 
insta144 it’s time to shift the balance in the workplace, from representing the few to representing us all. 
insta145 and to this gorgeous, kind hearted lady. you endured this character with such strength and softness. i am so proud you are being acknowledged for doing just that! golden globe nominee!!! ladies are shining! 
insta146 and this year wraps up with another committed journey with -season 2 is coming. to every person on this project, thank you for coming back. good or bad we are committed to having the tough conversations, to telling the story that can start change. 
insta147 currently. until the next year. here’s where i’ll be. 
insta148 thank you beyond for your acknowledgment and honor but honestly thank you more for the event you held for women. that night was so inspiring and every woman spoke eloquently and with such force. i’ll try to continue to give my best to even remotely live up to a title. in the mean time i hope we all continue to give our best when the world wants to give us the worst. we aren’t stopping the fight. 
insta149 thank you for being apart of this phase can’t wait for the next 
insta150 all apologies 
insta151 i stole from my sister 
insta152 guys- i'm so excited to share my first campaign for the new phenom. 
insta155 so i am blonde now 
insta156 looked for love in every stranger 
insta157 tonight 
insta158 american music awards 
insta159 sunday. amas. 
insta160 :crescent_moon: 
insta161 wolves :new_moon: 
insta162 been crying with the wolves to get to you 
insta163 blindly i am following, break down these walls and come on in 
insta164 wolves video out now on apple -thank you to my bay area fam 
insta165 wolves is out now! :wolf::wolf: 
insta166 wolves is out now! :wolf::wolf: 
insta167 :wolf::wolf: 
insta168 :wolf::wolf: 
insta169 :wolf::wolf: 
insta170 i've been running through the jungle, i've been crying with the wolves... 10.25 
insta171 10.25 
insta172 coming 10.25… wolves x 
insta173 momma and i 
insta174 join all of us right now!!! and on -we are one 
insta175 officially a part of the fam 
insta176 i’m very aware some of my fans had noticed i was laying low for part of the summer and questioning why i wasn’t promoting my new music, which i was extremely proud of. so i found out i needed to get a kidney transplant due to my lupus and was recovering. it was what i needed to do for my overall health. i honestly look forward to sharing with you, soon my journey through these past several months as i have always wanted to do with you. until then i want to publicly thank my family and incredible team of doctors for everything they have done for me prior to and post-surgery. and finally, there aren’t words to describe how i can possibly thank my beautiful friend francia raisa. she gave me the ultimate gift and sacrifice by donating her kidney to me. i am incredibly blessed. i love you so much sis. lupus continues to be very misunderstood but progress is being made. for more information regarding lupus please go to the lupus research alliance website: www.lupusresearch.org/ -by grace through faith 
insta178 sometimes it's incredibly difficult to wake up every day knowing there is so much going on in the world. at times i feel selfish, i ask why, i ask how can this change? will it actually ever change? i try to contribute my heart before anything because it can be so easy to lose the desire to have hope when sometimes all i want to be is angry. when i read about the beautiful women who wake up consciously every day to make a change, it inspires me to want to do so much more. not really sure how i got so lucky but thank you for highlighting the power of what we can and will always strive to be. i believe in the goodness in the land of the living. i hope this is just the beginning of more change. 
insta179 thank you for letting me be apart of the 5th annual print edition. very grateful 
insta183 it’s been so much fun working with and on designing my very own bag: the selena grace. come see it and meet me at coach house new york on sept. 13! 
insta184 also so stoked i got to show you a sneak peak at my bag i designed 
insta186 ahhh!:two_hearts:thank you instyle!! wearing dress for the september cover! photograph by story by hair for makeup fashion editor manicure: (basically the entire squad) 
insta187 fetish video directed by and ft. coming wednesday. 
insta188 fetish video directed by and ft. coming wednesday. 
insta189 my people 
insta190 my petra :two_hearts: 
insta191 thank you for all of my bday love. i couldn't be more blessed. a lot of you don't realize how much you mean to me. i. love. you. --think 25 is going to be epic. xo 
insta192 i'm not surprised, i sympathize. 
insta193 i'm not surprised, i sympathize. 
insta194 fetish. thursday. 
insta195 fetish. thursday. 
insta196 july 13 
insta197 july 13 
insta198 july 13 
insta199 fetish 
insta200 fetish 
insta201 fetish 
insta203 family 
insta204 fall 2017 campaign. thank you 
insta205 badliar --- 
insta207 :rainbow: thanks for watching the music video 
insta208 bad liar video :rainbow: 
insta209 bad liar with the all time brilliant jesse peretz 
insta210 bad liar music video is out by the way :smirking_face: 
insta211 - a film 
insta212 coming soon 
insta213 wednesday. 
insta214 :two_hearts: 
insta215 my heart will forever and always be with people. there's never enough i could do to thank you but more importantly show you that you matter and are beyond watched over. 
insta216 ny 
insta217 :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta218 what's to come is never what they expect :two_hearts: thank you for inspiring me to be me 
insta221 date night 
insta222 5.18 
insta223 5.18 
insta224 5.18 
insta225 5.18 
insta226 5.18 
insta227 5.18 
insta228 5.18 
insta232 as the new face of they gave me the opportunity to personalize this bag for my momma (that i’m pretty sure my sister is going to steal anyhow). this is a very common exchange between the two of us. happy (early) mother’s day to the woman who is the reason for my existence. 
insta235 so proud and grateful to and for tonight. thank you so much anna for a beautiful event and for what you do. 
insta236 because it should be fun and truly authentic my crew :two_hearts: 
insta237 5th time being apart of the 2nd time hosting this amazing event. they have inspired and provided a platform to help kids and families be the movement. they prove that you can do anything you set your mind to. no matter what age. 
insta239 very much in my feelings about my big brother getting married. even though we for sure knew it would be him first. may god bless you and your beautiful wife henrie! :two_hearts: 
insta241 always playing and working on something magical :two_hearts: 
insta242 wish the rest of the crew was with us today. overwhelmed with the response and love is receiving. thank you to each beautiful person who has watched and talked about the message of our show. 
insta243 our show came out tonight and i couldn't be more overwhelmed with pride and joy. after 7 years of holding onto this book, i couldn't of picked a better time for this message to exist. jay asher wrote a beautifully tragic, compelling story and we were lucky to have brought it to life. thank you to every single soul that put their heart into this passion project 
insta245 is celebrating world kindness day and i got to spend it with people who fully will change our world one day. introduced me to which is an after school organization that encourages girls to believe that they have the capability to do anything they set their mind to. it's crazy to me how much they are willing put others before themselves. 
insta247 wearing for !! 
insta248 i want to thank rob haskell for writing my story. i was a little nervous at how honest i was but you depicted where i'm at perfectly. i'm so grateful :red_heart: 
insta249 ok freaking out a little. thrilled to share my first american cover with you! read the story and see the full spread in the link in my bio. photographed by and 
insta253 today i watched a sermon from one of my favorites. “i don’t really understand myself, for i want to do what is right, but i don’t do it. instead, i do what i hate.” romans 7:15 
insta255 thank you fam for 110. i promise i will continue to cherish my platform and speaking truth but more importantly, each and every one of you have changed my life. i'm very grateful. 
insta256 proud of my trainers husband cause he's goals for real 
insta260 i have a full crush on 
insta261 thursday. 
insta262 morning walks 
insta263 what 13 reasons why has represented was an authentic story of what every kid deals with in every day life. the pressure, the unrealistic expectations of what they believe they should be. whether you have read this book or not, it's a story of what every kid does and will continue to go through - unless we keep talking about it. people are hurting and deserve to be heard. tired of others portraying a false idea of what every day life is. i hope can enlighten people to what words mean when you say them. 
insta264 after 6 years waiting to find the perfect hannah and clay for i couldn't be luckier we cast these two :purple_heart: 
insta266 helping the guys get ready for the grammys. i said "anything gosling would wear please." 
insta267 my boy :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta270 my momma. i sit back and think about how much she has done and shown me.. it truly has blown me away. she teaches me most about life and i couldn't be luckier to have a partner like her in life 
insta272 my world :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta273 i love you 
insta275 this was the day i was nervous as hell going into for the first time to talk about -my mom found this book in 2009 and worked her ass off to make it with me, guide me and tell this story authentically (the only reason, beside jay this project was even made) 
insta277 vente pa' ca 
insta278 being able to create is my favorite thing in the whole world. i'm so excited to be a part of the vision and family and i get the honor to design with -ahhhhhh 
insta279 i have a lot to be thankful for this year.. my year has been the hardest yet most rewarding one yet. i've finally fought the fight of not 'being enough'. i have only wanted to reflect the love you guys have given me for years and show how important it is to take care of you. by grace through faith. kindness always wins. i love you guys. god bless 
insta281 one of my favorite nights on tour 
insta282 my entire heart 
insta283 my whole life. you matter most. thank you for letting me do what i love every day. 
insta284 my love and i 
insta285 nobody loves me like you do :folded_hands_medium_skin_tone: 
insta286 :purple_heart: in 
insta287 my first cover came out -thank you so much! so grateful 
insta288 japan 
insta289 my sweet, hilarious and crazy soul my life completely changed when i met you. thank you for putting up with me. you're for life. i love you more than you hate affection. happy bday 
insta290 my girlies :heart_with_arrow: -too many stories 
insta291 the boys :heart_with_arrow: 
insta292 -grateful 
insta293 singapore 
insta296 kl, from the car 
insta297 beautiful people :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta300 focus 
insta301 when your lyrics are on the bottle :face_with_tongue: 
insta302 after two weeks on the studio bus safe to say this next album is :tongue::kiss_mark: --- its just starting tho 
insta303 a few of my favs from our fam :red_heart: 
insta305 the one thing that gets me going before anything.. sheldon cooper -big bang theory 
insta306 preshow 
insta307 my godson watching his tia on stage -happy fathers day 
insta308 checking 
insta309 happy to finally share my first campaign --thank you and love you :camera_with_flash: 
insta310 atlanta, ga 
insta311 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta312 couldn't go out tonight but i got love for you washington, dc :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta314 brooklyn 
insta315 brooklyn babies! sorry i couldn't get everyone in :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta316 arena vibes 
insta317 when i see my new costumes for stage -comin sooooon :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta318 boston -you guys were loud :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta319 toronto. 
insta320 my cover for with :red_heart: exciting things coming with this brilliant man. shot by the amazing 
insta321 london, ontario :purple_heart: 
insta322 ottawa, canada -sick sick sick night :raising_hands_medium_skin_tone: love you guys 
insta323 due to safety i couldn't go outside tonight in winnipeg. that did not stop me from gettin my pic tho :heart_with_arrow: 
insta324 my littles. saskatoon lovin 
insta325 s'mores 
insta326 restock the bus -grocery shopping in saskatoon 
insta327 calgary, canada :red_heart: also: meeting you guys after my shows has been such a highlight.. but because your safety is priority and most important if we can't keep them contained i'll have to stop. i'll do it for as long as i can, but you matter most. love you guys. can't wait to see you saskatoon 
insta329 walks through calgary 
insta330 got you edmonton, canada 
insta331 tonight :collision: 
insta332 vancouver, canada was lit 
insta333 seattle, wa 
insta334 when you meet the boss and talk tech in a very unusual office 
insta335 san jose, ca 
insta337 sacramento, ca 
insta339 after my first show in vegas. :red_heart: 
insta340 my cover for thank you to everyone involved! 
insta341 just like the last tour.. nothing's changed. fresno, ca 
insta342 night 2 :blue_heart: 
insta344 first show/tomorrow 
insta346 when the crew come together for and 
insta347 after we finish a show and don't mess it up 
insta348 behind the scenes of //tour content 
insta349 tour rehearsals 
insta350 also all of my tattoos will be available.. each and every one of them mean so much to me. --i have 7 tattoos (and counting) 
insta351 :camera_with_flash: 
insta352 this month -thank you for the rad article zach 
insta354 74 :folded_hands_medium_skin_tone::red_heart: 
insta355 the absolute best in the game. honestly knowing this man for two years, learning and growing. thank you :folded_hands_medium_skin_tone: 
insta356 i am proud to be apart of what you do to inspire the world. we are the next generation. by grace through faith. all i know is you can change the world :film_frames: 
insta357 coming soon/ / revival tour '16 
insta358 love you 
insta359 thank you -you guys though. thank you for voting. you matter most 
insta361 also last thing, getting ready for tour and the kick off is in vegas. this is what's happening after. come 
insta362 sweets 
insta367 first time i ever lead worship. i got to perform my first worship song i ever wrote. so grateful for his grace and understanding. 
insta368 tb to a sweet, small house in tx 
insta369 we have waited our whole lives for this :squinting_face_with_tongue::smiling_face: 
insta370 papa :blue_heart: 
insta371 this -wishing i was with and right now 
insta372 words can't describe how much i love this one right here:victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta373 black and white makes life look sick. had the best couple of days paris. i snap chatted way too much while i was here. snap: selenagomez 
insta374 it's that time again- i love my family :blue_heart: 
insta375 it's fun to look cool sometimes 
insta377 we made it paris 
insta378 prepping for 
insta379 thank you for the purty pic and for always taking care of me! love you so -i legit ripped my dress right after this shot. i blame in n out. 
insta380 family 
insta381 :camera_with_flash: for today 
insta382 this is what was shining most -so proud of you tay :fire: 
insta383 last night was fun 
insta384 a little tb and a happy birthday to one of the kindest people i know and someone who has inspired me for years! 
insta385 throwback -swag 
insta386 rp -facts 
insta388 thank you and for spending the day with me and eating chilis. 
insta389 finally got to see our movie tonight at sundance!!! so proud to have the closing film -can't wait for you guys to see it soooon 
insta390 thank you for a childhood dream come true ... did you guys see it?! :flushed_face::see-no-evil_monkey::purple_heart: ah 
insta391 when they play your song at the club 
insta392 your embrace is everything to me -hi, just love you guys 
insta393 are we in the clear yet? 
insta394 love them 
insta395 happy bday orly -celebrate kindness and who you are 
insta396 so happy and are partnering with -i've been an ambassador since i was 17, met nicolas last year. so grateful for the worlds to collide for a great cause. 
insta398 just discussing 
insta399 mood for all 60 million of you :see-no-evil_monkey: -insane... thank you for living life with me. 
insta400 nothing makes my heart happier -my boys. for life 
insta401 ... home. literally nothing better than this. sorry but not sorry la. 
insta402 that one time we went to jail 
insta403 ready for you 
insta404 happy birthday to my number one. cousins/sisters/therapists -i love you. 
insta405 left my phone behind to be present! i am so grateful for the people i've met this year but more importantly for the people who have been consistent and by my side through thick and thin. that'd be you. thank you for another year! love you guys! 
insta406 tb 
insta407 i promise i have the biggest family. but my pride and joy lives with this one right here. 
insta409 -tomorrow 
insta411 my godson :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta412 comin soon hehe 
insta413 thanks and to all my for 3 amazing years. i’ve had the best time guest designing my own clothing line for you. i’ll be following for more exciting things coming up in 2016, make sure you do too! 
insta414 my baby did me up tonight. :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta415 i don't know life without you taylor. happy birthday! 
insta416 tonight 
insta417 this means we had good lighting.. right ladies?? :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta418 my babe and i performing tonight for so grateful to wrap up this year with the best people. thank you ny!! 
insta419 paul came to give me my award for women in music!!! 
insta420 philly love -best ever. 
insta421 what my day looked like 
insta422 wait, on the low though... this was backstage. why do you think i covered my stomach during the show?? :face_with_tears_of_joy::loudly_crying_face: watch on cbs!!! 
insta424 show is happening! wish i was with all my angels right now! 
insta426 the time is almost here fashion show december 8th on cbs!! hope you guys are having a great day/night :purple_heart: 
insta427 after the show is the after party.. thank you for my stocking!!! :smiling_face: 
insta428 jingle ball in oakland!! man i'm getting pumped for tour.... thank you 
insta429 :purple_heart: 
insta431 :camera_with_flash: 
insta432 thank you and :smiling_face::smiling_face::smiling_face: 
insta433 :purple_heart: 
insta434 -we just show up. thank you for making us and all beautiful women feel beautiful 
insta435 zzz 
insta436 my heart. 
insta437 ok no more :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta438 :smiling_face: 
insta439 this show was a dream to be on. thank you so much and all the angels for being so nice, warm and fun!! -and looking at you guys all day wasn't hard to do at all :smirking_face: abel killed it as usual and ellie was shining brighter than ever! can't wait for you guys to see it on december 8th!! k i'm done. what is life? love you!!:kiss_mark: 
insta440 thank you for my custom dress tonight. felt like a true vs angel. :smiling_face_with_halo::purple_heart: also shout out to the dream team and 
insta441 50 million :see-no-evil_monkey::weary_cat::purple_heart: - i love you guys. you make me smile. and i love secretly stalking some of your pages. 
insta442 tonight 
insta444 t 
insta445 she's just awesome 
insta446 aka -don't talk to me unless i've eaten 
insta448 one of my favs - 
insta449 that was the day we sold our show to :see-no-evil_monkey: i'll just be freaking out over here. congratulations to the whole team! 
insta450 dylan 
insta451 it was kinda hard to go out tonight but i would do anything for -she deserves the award of the night at she makes us ladies feel beautiful always x 
insta452 my godson came to see his tia in la :loudly_crying_face::smiling_face: 
insta453 revival 
insta454 iphone game strong 
insta455 she's my bestie. but y'all know that already. 
insta456 tickets for the 2016 are on-sale today! can’t wait to see each and everyone of you!! -link in bio xx 
insta457 had the best time reading everyone's -here's a sneak peak of one of my favorites. 
insta458 getting ready for fallon :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: jewels 
insta459 xo 
insta460 these two though. my uncles/big brothers/advisors/heroes/bffs forever and ever! so grateful i have the best fans and family that celebrate with me :smiling_face: 
insta461 my cover!! :blue_heart::purple_heart::red_heart: thank you so so very much! 
insta462 the roomie/bae loves me (just for us) :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i'm freaking out. the album is out!!!! revival!!!! 
insta463 love my revival jacket :) :electric_plug: 
insta464 thank you :) ... revival 
insta465 2 days until revival ... officially nervous/relieved. 
insta466 a photo of me the same age as instagram is today, happy 5th birthday :purple_heart: thank you for doing what you do x 
insta467 6 more days.... 
insta468 :red_heart: 8 days until the album drops. 
insta469 paris je t'aime. merci beaucoup :face_blowing_a_kiss: -can't do any of it without you. 
insta470 moments where i can safely run away for a bit :smirking_face: 
insta471 paris adventures 
insta472 i won't post a lot of pics like this but i have to say this was one of my favorites! made me feel like jennifer aniston :see-no-evil_monkey::face_with_tears_of_joy: love you :red_heart: 
insta473 per sukis' request. "let's cuddle so hard for our pic". love these girls sooo much. cara! -i miss youuu :blue_heart: 
insta474 just arrived at the most magical place -here is their new :face_savoring_food::purple_heart: 
insta475 another cover with :weary_face::green_heart: -so crazy. i'm so lucky. actually never mind i'm blessed. 
insta476 having the best trip. europe i just love you.. :see-no-evil_monkey::smiling_face:hur did by -face did by 
insta477 when the girl band meets the boy band in london town 
insta478 it’s here!! watch the official video for at http://smarturl.it/sameoldlovevid now! 
insta479 surrounding our fav -honestly the sweetest in the game. :smiling_face: 
insta480 posted ... she keeps me sane and we match sometimes :smirking_face: 
insta481 the reason revival happened.... forever. 
insta482 who's here?? :grimacing_face: i'm getting way too excited... 
insta483 :blue_heart: 
insta484 here's the first look of my new cover!! one of my absolute favorite interviews. elle you always do me justice. love you! 
insta485 cover and shot by -one of my favorites 
insta486 me and living, playing and working all the time. 
insta487 moments with the realest. thank you! 
insta488 feeling downtown chic. at polo's cool garden scene at follow to see more. :face_with_tears_of_joy::blue_heart: 
insta489 ahhh you guys! you can now preorder on and get my new single instantly. http://smarturl.it/sgrevival 
insta490 work flow//meetings 
insta491 loved today. can't we just show them nowwww? :grimacing_face: 
insta492 revival 10.9 
insta494 adorable. can't wait for this movie to come out for all my littles!! 
insta495 chillin with you guys is one of my favorite parts. you even let me steal your snapchat so i can film myself. thank u for that by the way. 
insta496 my favorites. my babies. my second family :blue_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta497 revival //10.9 ... 
insta498 you guys can still sign up for my little revival event in september because i wanna meet yall and share some stuff so.... link in bio :smirking_face::red_heart: 
insta499 life 
insta500 wouldn't have it any other way! she won!! vid of the year! so proud of all the ladies! that's what it's truly about! 
insta501 i've got the hottest dates 
insta502 backstage :camera: 
insta504 after nearly 8 years of friendship, i just can't wait to tell our kids we actually got to perform in front of thousands of insanely beautiful people together. twice! i love you tay. 
insta505 these kids will blow your mind and they are changing the world. so honored to host this amazing event tonight on abc! check it out! x 
insta506 so proud of these girls -promise, they will do great things. plus they're chill af. 
insta507 wanna look good for you -video ft rocky out now. link in bio. 
insta508 :smirking_face: 
insta510 :smirking_face: 
insta511 i'm so happy was born. that's all. :smiling_face: 
insta512 mood 
insta513 family//food 
insta514 hair 
insta515 tonight we celebrated you :party_popper::blue_heart: 
insta516 memory lane 
insta517 tonight 
insta518 a few of my favorite things. 
insta519 it's all fun until i move around too much and gets mad at me :smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta520 francia, you have been there through so many phases of life with me. the only thing i want you to know is how much i value you. you are more than you realize. i love you. 
insta521 young&free. my friends hate me. but love me too. 
insta522 :hot_beverage::shortcake::birthday_cake::bread::hot_beverage: 
insta523 surround yourself with wonderfully genuine hearted ladies, ladies. :purple_heart: 
insta524 so happy! my fall collection is finally out! follow to find out where to get it. 
insta525 i am the luckiest, happiest girl today. thank you guys so much for all the bday wishes!! i love growing up with you. :see-no-evil_monkey::red_heart: 
insta526 moments with 
insta527 your girl is almost 23!! :red_heart: 
insta528 waiting game strong fam 
insta529 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: happy sunday 
insta530 ..../leading you.3 :musical_notes: :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta531 kill. em. with. kindness.. 1 
insta532 how most of my shoots end 
insta533 don't ever leave me again welcome home roomie :beating_heart: i love you 
insta534 one more 
insta535 my new collection. probably one of my favorites. 
insta536 my best friends and i took a road trip. we stopped to get fruit. prayed for our soldiers fighting for our freedom. remembering what today is about and giving thanks before we :party_popper::cocktail_glass:happy 4th everybody! 
insta537 as i finish some of the album, i love reflecting on the journey. here's a throw back to us during a break in mexico where i came up with title of the album and 4 of the tracks. :smiling_face::party_popper::electric_plug: :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta538 tbt with michelle and for :smiling_face::blue_heart: 
insta539 nana and papa :blue_heart: from forcing you to listen to me sing on the fireplace to watching me now. you've always been proud of me. i love you!! 
insta540 these days are always the best days. 
insta541 routine 
insta542 me, well everyday. 
insta543 i’m so happy to finally share the official video for “good for you" featuring the initial stripped down version of the song! i hope you enjoy it! http://vevo.ly/odilch 
insta544 good for you music video coming tomorrow!! you'll notice a different version of the song.... :) 
insta545 the reason i wake up every morning. she's the reason i am who i am. every part of me is her. i love you momma. i'm proud to be your daughter. 
insta546 it’s here!!! you can finally get ft. on http://smarturl.it/goodforyousg 
insta547 typical bougie jet pic. ny ready for ya!!! tomorrow is a big day! 
insta548 never do i laugh harder weekend :purple_heart: 
insta549 so excited to finally show you guys the art for ft. coming 6/22!! 
insta550 who wants to premiere a sneak peek of my video? i've got something special for a few of you!!! 
insta551 today :smiling_face: thankful for these guys 
insta552 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::red_heart: 
insta554 :purple_heart: pic by 
insta555 i am so happy to announce my new partnership with pantene! 
insta556 my cast mates - hotel transylvania 2 :red_heart: 
insta557 hotel transylvania 2 press with the crew babies!!! can't wait for you to see this movie. so sweet! :purple_heart::smiling_face: 
insta558 good for you. june 22. 
insta559 ’good for you.’ june 22. now who would like the first look of my new music video?” 
insta560 :face_with_tears_of_joy: "unbothered" 
insta561 from la, mexico back to la. this is a magical team :musical_notes: .... 
insta562 ready.. 
insta563 i may post about them too much but it's because i love them too much. 
insta564 sometimes i get frustrated when i hear lies about who i am. the internet is meant to keep you "updated" but it just takes old news and freezes it like it's now. you have watched me in pain and i've owned up to it through my music and actions. i grew up with you. i am beyond excited to show you the next chapter, the truth. i've been keeping so many secrets... i'm reborn in every moment so who knows what i'll become.. as long as i'm happy with me. :beating_heart: 
insta565 coffee. coffee. -me, everyday. 
insta566 today :blue_heart: 
insta567 tb 
insta568 downtown with my ladies :blue_heart: 
insta569 guys, if you haven't seen ex machina you absolutely must. this is why i make movies. it's was intriguing, funny, suspenseful and so well done. have you seen it? 
insta570 in between takes, more playing with jake! photography by 
insta572 r$ 
insta573 behind the scenes 
insta574 let's lay in a vineyard all day 
insta575 arsyn 
insta576 my pride and joy.. my littlest littles 
insta577 my fav sweat shirt :smiling_face::purple_heart: 
insta578 mommy 
insta579 mother's day brunch feat. papa with my girls and their family! can't wait for my mom to get in town next week! :purple_heart: 
insta580 mornings!:red_heart: 
insta581 thank you for having me again 
insta582 made my rice tonight from scratch... needless to say it was cinco de mayo at my house tonight for sure. celebrated the way i grew up! 
insta583 practicing the future. :electric_plug: 
insta584 xo ny 
insta585 playful moments, glamming, pre-met with 
insta586 rp :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: surrounded by the sweetest, most grounded gals :smiling_face: 
insta587 vera wang!! felt like a princess yet again. :smiling_face: 
insta588 fam :electric_plug: 
insta589 cozy in my sg neo top :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta590 tinker bell cups :smiling_face: 
insta591 soul cycle aftermath. i. want. tacos. 
insta593 rp 
insta595 we decided as a family to come to mexico to be inspired.... that's exactly what happened 
insta596 i love being happy with me yall :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta597 should probably sign to hit cause.... :electric_plug: 
insta598 kick off the beach vibes with my neo summer collection. follow to find out how you could win one look or the entire collection. 
insta599 i mean, candids are always the best. my cousin is having her first. we always dreamed of having one together. um, not today but beyond happy i'm a godmother now :smiling_face::baby::folded_hands::raising_hands: 
insta600 missing and loving my big sissy as she dominates broadway. i remember watching tv and looking up to her, now i'm supporting her from across the country, kind of surreal. -go check it out nyc. 
insta601 make up and photography by 
insta602 backyard sessions wit my boo - photo by jake 
insta603 took a break from the studio to run and jump in the grass. our god is so good! 
insta604 creeper status. i can't imagine not ever being on film sets but to continue doing movies with a best friend is not considered work. have so much love for the guy that's looking at me lovingly even though i'm crazy. 
insta607 the happiest 
insta608 spending easter away from my family isn't fun and i'm missing them more than anything but i got to spend it with and her beautiful family. oh and the wifey's. god bless everyone! 
insta609 my pastors are cool :smiling_face: -words can't describe how incredible they are! so grateful. 
insta610 . 
insta612 on set with amazing, incredible people :purple_heart: 
insta613 remembering how precious every day is :blue_heart::folded_hands: 
insta614 yesterday was the start of join us in celebrating, everyone deserves clean water. 
insta615 nothing can ever measure up to the love and passion this woman here has. she has never left my side and stuck by me during every phase of my life. she deserves heart shaped pancakes and lots of love today and everyday. i hope every woman can love on their women like we do. well... we fight too but it usually ends in 15 min. :purple_heart::folded_hands: 1 peter 4:8 
insta616 my girls be in the studio like: 
insta617 my girls 
insta618 hated bangs, but i have baby hairs . :smiling_face::purple_heart::red_heart: 
insta620 my paris family :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta621 te amo con todo mi corazon :smiling_face: 
insta622 thank you again and for another year of your greatness :red_heart: 
insta623 i want you to know video is out now! link in bio :purple_heart::blue_heart: 
insta624 :camera: :lipstick:: :fire: : 
insta625 she's so fluffy 
insta627 another just because they make my heart so happy :growing_heart: 
insta628 happy birthday my nugget. 
insta629 always waiting on someone (meaning my friends who take too long to get ready) 
insta630 i want you to know video... coming soon :smiling_face: 
insta631 i know i meant lives. i don't care about grammar. i'm sorry i had to share. every life is worth it. 
insta633 i want you to know. that i'm all yours. :musical_notes: 
insta634 :smiling_face: 
insta635 thank you and :growing_heart: 
insta636 it's our little tradition :red_heart: 
insta637 well that's exciting link in bio :fire: 
insta638 couldn't ask for a sweeter group of ladies :smiling_face: 
insta639 iwantyoutoknow 
insta640 reunited with this beauty. missed her face :blue_heart: 
insta641 yay i can hold it now !!!! :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta643 the reason i love my job.. 
insta644 you said it best james :smiling_face: 
insta645 i want you to know... 
insta646 link in bio :smiling_face: 
insta647 it's here! stay tuned to for moreeee next month! and thank you and :purple_heart::blue_heart::yellow_heart::growing_heart: 
insta648 stay tuned for the cover tomorrow :smiling_face: thank you and and for interviewing me! 
insta650 2/23 
insta651 ....... storms always have an eye 
insta652 what else would i do in atlanta but learn how to make the best pizza, ever. 
insta655 :smiling_face: 
insta656 i'm better under your reflection..... i want you to know 
insta657 :face_with_tongue: i want you to know 
insta658 show me and neo a pic of you shouting out & you could be in video! just tag 
insta659 missing my fam :purple_heart: 
insta660 makes pretty, creative babies. *she made her own skirt out fit with bed sheets. 
insta661 write now is everything out, hashtag it with & you could be in video! good luck! 
insta662 :camera: 
insta663 beauties hangin in the cold. appreciate and love you :purple_heart: 
insta664 loyalty is the most gracious quality about yall.. this makes me tear up. i'm also extremely sleep deprived and being very emotional, sorry. but you guys are the absolute best. :smiling_face: 
insta665 when you ask your friends to play with your hair... 
insta666 on set. the bestie came thru 
insta667 cartersville, georgia. we shootin a movie. 
insta668 work. today. i love my job.. 
insta669 hi. this is the fundamentals of caregiving. watch us in a theater soon. well let us shoot, edit, hopefully not re-shoot, then release it. 
insta670 a little tbt because my boys called me mad at me the night the fam made dinner for us. :purple_heart: 
insta671 i promise we are adults. 
insta672 hint :purple_heart: 
insta673 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta676 a bestie always makes sure she ain't hanging out :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta677 in the past month i have gotten into 3 legitimate food fights. yup 
insta678 me too 
insta679 missing la and this punk, just a little tonight :smiling_face: shooting starts soon!! eeeeekkkk --fundamentals of caregiving!! 
insta680 hotlanta blues 
insta681 meet trevor and dot. 
insta682 swim, shower, script then studio :smiling_face: have a great day erbody 
insta683 *squeel* 
insta684 monday walks :smiling_face::purple_heart: 
insta686 i'm sorry last one, but i just love every single thing about this pic :face_with_tears_of_joy::purple_heart: sums up every event, ever in history. 
insta688 the guys were, happy :face_with_tears_of_joy::unamused_face: 
insta689 my angel forever 
insta691 fam 
insta692 happiest of birthdays to bubba and such an incredible person. love you inside out -here's to more :smiling_face::party_popper::purple_heart: 
insta694 oh happy day making the bestie annoyed 
insta696 morning 
insta698 made my team baskets for the new year :smiling_face: wme , interscope, pmk and brillstein 
insta699 peregrine falcon 
insta700 the luckiest girl in the world. so grateful! :purple_heart: met the most beautiful people in this country. it's so special here. :smiling_face: 
insta701 thankful for these kind hearted fools. 
insta702 k i'm completely trying to be real model-ly type. not working lol. oh well pretty, wonderfully hearted people shall do instead. 
insta703 honestly the absolute best way to end my year. -the best ever, gentleman/bodyguard. hope you all have a blessed new year! 
insta704 guess who came matching :smiling_face_with_halo: happy new year 
insta705 morning! philippians 3:14 :smiling_face::purple_heart: 
insta706 we love dubai :smiling_face: beyond grateful for a great crew to ring in the new year. 
insta708 pashminas and candles under the stars 
insta709 tonight 
insta710 plane rides tho... 
insta711 sissy and i 
insta712 so many generations :smiling_face: 
insta713 texas bound with this chick :airplane: 
insta714 :musical_notes: 
insta715 ny fam time :smiling_face: 
insta716 exciting things to come!!! thanks to this hot mama :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::glowing_star: 
insta717 guess who's officially an interscope artist :smiling_face: 
insta718 :purple_heart: 
insta719 i mean it's my bff birthday weekend so.... for doin me up :) 
insta720 :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: 
insta722 road trip to the studio 
insta723 :purple_heart::gem_stone: 
insta724 she said.... yes. and congratulations!!! i'm geeking out because it's my first actually best friend couple getting engaged. ahhhhh :smiling_face::red_heart: 
insta726 i have not only been following her career as a fan since i was 8 and now get to watch her completely transform in her new movie cake, i have gotten to have real conversations with such a real heart, made my entire year. 
insta728 le :musical_notes::musical_notes::musical_notes::musical_notes::musical_notes: 
insta731 my favorite time of the year :) have a great day everyone! god bless 
insta732 our bestest guy friend in the world is leaving us for a month. :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta733 what the next 4 months will look like. -even in my hotel rooms. you guys, i'm beyond excited for what's next. 
insta734 last min hang out with my hillsong fam. goodnight everybody! god bless 
insta736 espresso for the grandmas. 
insta739 werk momma :smiling_face: 
insta740 spending a lil more time with my baby cousins before i leave. i don't wanna go home :pensive_face: :purple_heart: 
insta741 also thankful for my la family. :smiling_face: so blessed to have so many people i can love on and have by my side. god bless everyone! 1 corinthians 1:4-5 
insta742 thankful for my forever crazy family. :smiling_face: 
insta743 my babies :smiling_face: :folded_hands: 
insta744 not a better way to end my night. surrounded by so much love. :red_heart: 
insta747 -our ladies in charge. so happy to have my ladies before my performance tomorrow! :smiling_face: 
insta748 :smiling_face: 
insta750 sia bia :smiling_face: 
insta752 :folded_hands: 
insta753 rehearsing for the amas. wasn't prepared for how nervous id be, i mean i've done this before. but now it's just me. all of me. 
insta754 daddy and daughter date :smiling_face::folded_hands: 
insta755 be present. :glowing_star: 
insta756 speaking to 20,000 students was inspiring – now you can watch the whole show on tune in on nov 11 at 8 et/ 5pt! 
insta757 hi cozy feat. man in red truck 
insta758 ? ready? 
insta759 and i happy after unlikely heros event. we donated! now... don't judge me. but we are jamming the radio the whole way home! -just in case. 
insta760 this is me hearing my single heart on the radio for the first time. i tried to catch it properly but.. yea. :purple_heart: 
insta762 you can now get ‘the heart wants what it wants’ and pre-order my new collection ‘for you’ right here – itunes.com/selenagomez 
insta764 4 am and my girls woke me up to say congrats on finally releasing heart! i love you! :red_heart::folded_hands: 
insta765 i have been waiting so long to share this with all of you…the video for my new single "the heart wants what it wants." youtube.com/selenagomezvevo 
insta766 "...but i can't imagine, a life without, breathless moments, breaking me down." ... 
insta767 as i have a last listen, i thought a lot about my year. i thought a lot about my voice. and after a year of holding on. i think it's time to start sharing. 
insta768 sissys in paris 
insta769 good mornin! psalm 30:5 :smiling_face: 
insta770 regram 
insta771 such a beautiful, inspiring night at :purple_heart: x gucci 
insta772 what i did for halloween. be safe everyone!! god bless 
insta773 love my girls so, so much :smiling_face: 
insta775 from hotel room album listening parties, kitchen dance floor album listening parties to driving on the pch, windows down album listening parties. -the best part is we were the only ones there. each time. so happy, honored and proud to know you and your diaries. buy it!!! -now i'll listen live from drowning in my bed sheets. 
insta776 behind the scenes 
insta779 trigger street family. exciting things to come. :) 
insta780 "i wish you love" -frank sinatra. tonight. 
insta781 naughty 
insta782 yea, that's the stuff i care about. 
insta789 kind of beyond incredible/cool/rad that you started your own hashtag on being confident in yourself. loving yourself first. 
insta790 goodbye vancouver. hello los angeles. 
insta791 the truth. my joy. 
insta792 prep 
insta793 unbelievable show! 
insta795 we day. ready for mañana x 
insta796 prepping, rehearsing and beyond enjoying my company for free the children, we day. my second time here and now hosting the dang thing! can't wait for my trip :) go check them out at weday.com they are truly remarkable! 
insta799 uno mas 
insta801 happy sunday! n austin! :smiling_face: :purple_heart:hillsong 
insta804 chanel x tom ford 
insta805 papas girl. folks, i'm home. mark 2:1 
insta806 today is our 7th anniversary. :smiling_face: sorry i'm crying in the past two posts. lol. proud of my wizards family. this is where it all began. alex forever. 
insta807 this morning at the potters house. unbelievable message. had me in tears. thank you bishop for reminding me why i should always keep going. 
insta808 and so it begins. design meeting colossians 3:23 
insta810 left ellen to only end up eating more. thanks 
insta811 i've only been for 20 min. sums it up. 
insta812 this mornin'. gardening and my own iced coffee with a lot of cinnamon. he 
insta813 :baby_angel: princess 
insta815 team connor 
insta816 i genuinely feel cheesy sometimes promoting certain projects but this one.. i'm not in a whole lot of but i can't even begin to express how beautiful this movie is. and every single person in it. parents, peeps -this one is absolutely touching. so proud of bill macy! check it out. 
insta817 :smiling_face: dior 
insta819 slumber party x out takes x psalm 46:10 
insta820 papa has ears that truly listen (sometimes), arms that always hold and love that's never ending. 
insta821 :purple_heart: 
insta823 thank you for such a beautiful evening! :smiling_face: 
insta824 ladies night in with alice in her wonderland :smiling_face: 
insta825 thank you and fawaz gruosi for my purty jewelry :smiling_face: 
insta826 :purple_heart: 
insta829 one of the many, many reasons y'all inspire me. i :purple_heart:you 
insta830 but i gave myself pigtails to feel better so there's that :smiling_face::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta831 woke up with a cold :unamused_face: my day. 
insta832 tried my best :face_savoring_food: 
insta833 bangs 
insta834 last night. 
insta836 what i love to end my day to. 
insta837 it's starting. 
insta838 ny bound.peaceful trip. :smiling_face: i smuggled my hot cheetos. they were the kind with lime though. 
insta839 with my soul sister :smiling_face: tune in tanight 
insta840 thank you jen for my pretty jennifer meyer s necklace 
insta843 my sweet, sweet sarah 
insta844 valentino x saint laurent :smiling_face: 
insta845 bill and variety here we come!! 
insta846 my nana just sent me my first ever news clipping. i was convinced i could help her through pre k. cause you know, it's brutal. naps and stuff. 
insta847 jamming with bill and for rudderless. can't wait x 
insta848 weave is back :) hehe 
insta849 :purple_heart: you never know. 
insta850 wait, what are they about to do to me?! -thought it was a treatment 
insta851 casual look back for adidas. so. i'm working with adidas neo label on the a special fashion show created by you! watch to learn how you can get involved so i can give you a shout out! http://youtu.be/egdyu6rvszg 
insta852 such a goodie :smiling_face: 
insta853 :folded_hands: 
insta854 procrastination at its finest. this is me reading all your lovely/hilarious tweets before bed. 
insta855 just got sent this one again. princess courtney :purple_heart: 
insta857 saint laurent x miu mui x dior :thumbs_up: 
insta858 why do i always make this face?! i can't help but get all emotional and mess up my words but man, i am more in love with you guys than ever. weather it's tweet or a surfboard. thank you for your embrace. no matter what. 
insta859 this photo was not posed. kinda. but i think they liked my cooking! :thumbs_up: 
insta860 post work out meal :smiling_face: my nana would be proud of my meal today. yesterday's was.. tragic. 
insta861 inspired tonight. i have a la la, smooth, feel good kinda song i'm trying to get out. that makes sense right? 
insta862 can't wait. such an incredible story, so honored to be apart of it. 
insta864 fall/winter 2014 neo adidas. 
insta865 oh and that one time i hiked that same day and got lost so... pose. right? 
insta866 and i have some good roots. *wink face* 
insta867 the future 
insta868 a little mommy and me day is just what i need :smiling_face: 
insta869 haha pulled over to buy some lemonade from these littles. they were the freakin cutest. 
insta870 thank god for emma and andrew. what are you up to on your sunday folks? 
insta871 little pink fringe for ya. what am i looking at though? 
insta872 ladies killin it and stuff. thanks for making me feel cooler than i am. :smiling_face: 
insta873 aw that was fun. i tried to give my self a "tattoo bracket". don't ask. my nat! but i miss alex. hi alex! 
insta874 win the chance to come hang with me at adidas neo label's next big event in new york city on september 3rd! register here to enter www.adidas.com/neosignup ill bring food and clothes and stuff. 
insta876 bird 
insta877 thank goodness my dress was comfortable. but annoyingly long. i tripped... a lot. 
insta878 for my cake. dude, the most incredible chocolate. ever. and i like chocolate. :raised_hand: 
insta879 thank you so much for my birthday wishes :smiling_face: -this has been the best birthday yet! thank you!!!! :purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart: 
insta880 ocean hair 
insta882 it's nice to have an impromptu bday photo shoot in the lobby. it had great acoustics. :thumbs_up: 
insta885 last day! 
insta886 besos :red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta887 set up camp here to watch the sunset and juice stuff ya know? guess i was doing it wrong. eh. 
insta888 ti amo 
insta889 and of course to be clear, i am not picking any sides. i am praying for peace and humanity for all! 
insta891 please pray for those families and babies today. please always remember what's important in life. it's not any of this. we are here to help, inspire and love. be that change. 
insta892 i am so sorry i couldn't get to all of you!! :red_heart: you very much. and be safe!! 
insta895 obsessed. :face_with_tears_of_joy: i mean, my :red_heart:. 
insta896 i told them i would :) 
insta897 my fav opi look from my line 
insta898 dol. notice what my shirt says... hehe 
insta899 forever 
insta900 beyond proud that my line has been going strong since i was 17. i've only wanted to make quality. i'm so happy you've enjoyed every second of my hard but fun work. baby 
insta901 i may have been born in the wrong era. so good. 
insta902 art by --from my first to my last. it's always this fool. 
insta903 italy 
insta907 :smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta908 day 2 x harmony x miami 
insta910 :small_blue_diamond: 
insta911 ny:smiling_face: 
insta913 "why does everyone do the kiss face? i don't get it." ..guilty. unfortunately. 
insta914 ny 
insta915 you are all so beautiful the way you are. no bigger or smaller. you all inspire me. 
insta916 mafia babies 
insta917 hi new york. :smiling_face: 
insta918 that's who you wanna wake up to. 
insta919 and usually always right. 
insta920 you're always listened to. 
insta921 always said i was going to end up there, but i guess that's where it was meant to end. 
insta922 seriously taco bell.. 
insta923 july 4th, 2014 
insta925 class never runs scared. it is sure-footed and confident, and it can handle whatever comes along. class has a sense of humor. it knows that a good laugh is the best lubricant for oiling the machinery of human relations. 
insta926 tb:smiling_face: 
insta927 effectsss* 
insta928 night time. surprise ferris wheel. 
insta931 fabulously/intensely dealing with sinus problems. clearly. 
insta932 soy valiente 
insta933 :Italy: 
insta935 fell asleep with lyrics, waking up with lyrics.. 
insta937 our parisian faces tho :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta939 tacos, live music and candles :smiling_face: such a beautiful night with beautiful people. 
insta940 canada! why the heck are y'all so amazing?! :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: thank you, thank you. ill be right back.. just wait :smiling_face::see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta941 goodnight 
insta942 mavis is getting big. :smiling_face: 
insta943 i got to play pretend tonight. i was many characters. 
insta944 “it doesn’t matter who you are, or where you came from. the ability to triumph begins with you. always.” 
insta946 :red_heart: 
insta949 did i come home for a 3rd grade graduation? duh. 
insta950 i'm made in.. 
insta951 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face::red_heart: 
insta952 danced all night with kp, then total girls night in talkin till mornin 
insta953 :camera: 
insta954 this is how we do, da do. 
insta955 my london, madenessss 
insta956 -absolutely killed it babe! 
insta957 :raising_hands::folded_hands: bringing everyone together. 
insta958 in our jackets :raising_hands: 
insta959 remember :) always 
insta962 one of the best unicef ambassadors 
insta964 :folded_hands: 
insta968 lonely hearts 
insta969 airportin 
insta974 sari, not sari. :folded_hands: 
insta975 taking my power back.. can't wait to show you where i've been. i love y'all. ps, i still obsess over pickles. 
insta976 :raising_hands: 
insta980 ah, art exhibit for harm!! so proud :red_heart: 
insta981 my aunty continues to make me feel so pretty :) love you!!! 
insta982 such a beautiful night at -they do beautiful work. 
insta983 i'm not sure i can express what kind of woman she is, all i can say is she changed my life completely. happy mother's day. i love you momma. 
insta984 good morning 
insta986 may or may not have bought way too many paintings. i couldn't resist. estoy enamorada :red_heart: 
insta987 ask 
insta988 :purple_heart: we ladies 
insta989 instead, ill pray above for what i have. so thankful for a well deserved break. thinking about all of you unconditionally. 
insta990 regram 
insta991 book launch din! letters, to the men i have loved. congrats mama! besos x 
insta992 um, and flew out for 24 hours for me! love you ladies! thank you! 
insta993 my first met gala, *sigh* i felt like a princess who totally downed an entire pizza after. i'll never forget last night :smiling_face::see-no-evil_monkey::raising_hands: 
insta994 they found me to tell me y'all told them i was a fan!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: :raising_hands: 
insta995 we are ready :smiling_face: 
insta996 preppin 
insta997 .. 
insta998 met 2014.. 
insta999 paris photo paramount 
insta1000 them is everything tho :raising_hands: allofme 
insta1001 sporty spice. werd. 
insta1002 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1003 trying on some spring looks :) dream out loud 
insta1005 iheart filterz 
insta1006 constant 
insta1007 love my pastor and his family so much! don't know what i would do without them. jesus is tour! 
insta1008 mornin 
insta1014 :dizzy: 
insta1015 i go back to, black 
insta1016 he is risen, just thank you 
insta1019 you do amazing things for the children of los angeles. thank you for letting me stop by! 
insta1020 she won't stop 
insta1021 dreaming today.. so happy with the new season :) (i worked extra on ma sweats fur sure! hehe) 
insta1022 ny 
insta1024 so good. finally. can't wait for june 
insta1025 -we just makin people smile and stuff on insta ;) so honored to be apart of the seacrest foundation. 
insta1026 that one time i had ma latina texture going on.. or just.. everyday. 
insta1028 yay!! thank you kcas, all the kiddies and my die hard franz for voting. happy girl. now i want sushi. i love you more than you can understand :smiling_face::red_heart: 
insta1029 secret project 
insta1030 rachel where are you? reunion with my big sisters for life. 
insta1031 -unbelievable time. so inspired and hopefully encouraged many!! 
insta1033 ... secret project 
insta1034 balboa parkin 
insta1035 :ribbon: accessories 
insta1038 ladies being ladies. ladies night. 
insta1039 sissy 
insta1040 ny. i had a lovely time :) i'm sorry i couldn't stop at the airport! love y'all. 
insta1041 houston, thank you :) 
insta1042 um 
insta1043 reunited and it feels sooo good :) tx always makes me proud 
insta1044 hidalgo, i've missed this :) ill see you soooon 
insta1048 my only, official party buddy for life ;) :purple_heart: 
insta1050 "funky town" 
insta1051 by far the coolest award i've received -young humanitarian award! beyond proud to represent unicef since i was 17 
insta1052 baby hairs 
insta1053 .baby hairs 
insta1054 my heart 
insta1055 dear marie 
insta1057 white out 
insta1058 who doesn't live for a good hair whip 
insta1059 its not about what you have, its what you can give. whatever it is. 
insta1060 "why are you doing a photo shoot with a mcmuffin at 7am?" -sam 
insta1062 extra whip cream please! dessert before dinner. duh. 
insta1063 jet lagged 
insta1065 4 years now... love my girls so much 
insta1066 i've done everything i could to the best of my ability. thank you for the unconditional love and cyber hugs. you inspire me. 
insta1067 just stoked you were born dude 
insta1071 coming soon, just for you. 
insta1073 therapy 
insta1075 taking a picture of a picture 
insta1076 billy 
insta1077 sundance 
insta1078 rudderless 
insta1079 watch out for some exciting news coming on february 4th… 
insta1080 apple cider and my girls :smiling_face: happy new year my loves :red_heart: love you all endlessly 
insta1081 my :red_heart: 
insta1082 :victory_hand::cherry_blossom::sunflower: 
insta1083 just a saturday night. taylor's tea, demi's laugh. honestly, can't complain. 
insta1084 photography 
insta1085 sia!! thank you soooo much for taking me to britney!!!! ahhhh 
insta1086 finally home :smiling_face: 
insta1087 ok so my phone is about to die and clearly i'm using way too many emoticons... i am obsessed. y'all are amazing and fun and cute and love able :purple_heart::winking_face_with_tongue::thumbs_up::victory_hand::raised_hand::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::kissing_face::kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::princess::see-no-evil_monkey::folded_hands::woman_dancing::woman_dancing: (see told you) xx 
insta1088 ahhhh. this lovely lady i just met on our 4 hour delay, lol donated to unicef!!! :purple_heart: 
insta1090 gomez is my last name. werd 
insta1092 me and my new friend on tha plane jus respondin to messages. :red_heart: :smiling_face: she's so rad. she offered my an orange. 
insta1095 hahaha this is fun 
insta1096 miss this.. :purple_heart::red_heart::purple_heart: 
insta1098 you 
insta1099 the eyes :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: so much love 
insta1101 merry christmas!! i am beyond thankful for my family, my friends and you. each of you have made me incredibly happy and i only want to continue to grow with you! :smiling_face: 
insta1102 gracie helping me cook christmas dinner :smiling_face: 
insta1105 i'm the happiest i've been in a while.. so blessed and thankful for the future, for release and to finally be happy for those i loved.. 
insta1106 tonight we accidentally played 'who wore it best' with katy and sammy feat sia.. blending in with the carpet :face_with_tears_of_joy: such beautiful company! 
insta1107 happy birthday benzo, you celebrated my entire birthday week with me. i miss you and wish i was with you to do the same :( love youuuu :purple_heart: 
insta1110 chicago nights. 
insta1111 . 
insta1112 :Christmas_tree: :smiling_face: 
insta1113 man, vine has become more and more about inspiring. so thankful for people like this. especially men. :red_heart: 
insta1114 :Christmas_tree: flo's santa :red_heart::green_heart: 
insta1115 flaunt. reflect what we feel. 
insta1116 came out as save but my shirt said brave... 
insta1117 baby, i miss u it's not la without u :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1118 christmas activities... i've missed the commons 
insta1119 1976 
insta1120 that face you my face muse tho :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1121 .....almost ready 
insta1122 but tomorrow.... 
insta1123 xxxx :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1124 then ohio :smiling_face: 
insta1125 illinois, chicago 
insta1127 oh hey 
insta1128 minneapolis, i :purple_heart: u 
insta1129 you matter. i listen.. 
insta1130 if you know who you are, it takes all the power away from that negativity.. i promise. 
insta1131 missing you both 
insta1132 luv you moreeee 
insta1133 :victory_hand: 
insta1134 indianapolis tonight :purple_heart: 
insta1136 st. louis last night :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1137 dream out loud.. that's what we do everyday 
insta1138 werk it out 
insta1139 :purple_heart: 
insta1140 kansas city 
insta1141 yay -i'm finally able to annoy her again. missed this. 
insta1143 then colorado went and did the same thing... y'all make me smile. thank you 
insta1144 and i love you too :red_heart: 
insta1145 salt lake :) 
insta1146 "a good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving." -lao tzu :thumbs_up: 
insta1147 and i love you more, see you next time :) 
insta1148 selfie 
insta1149 then seattle... one of my favorites. so cozy 
insta1151 san jose :yellow_heart: 
insta1152 goodnight vegas :sleeping_face: 
insta1153 it's vegas.. sparkle time :gem_stone: 
insta1155 oh vegas.. :smirking_face: 
insta1157 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1158 :growing_heart: 
insta1159 san diego! -safety reasons i couldn't go far to take pics. i'm sorry :pensive_face: :red_heart:y'all x 
insta1160 happy birthday my love. this is what is bout go down!!! ready?! :kiss_mark: i :red_heart: you 
insta1161 it's just the evidence of forever. no matter what 
insta1162 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1163 la blur :smiling_face: 
insta1164 staples. home 2.0 :victory_hand: 
insta1165 i look evil and he looks thrilled. awesome :smirking_face: 
insta1166 az :purple_heart: 
insta1167 and i when we were just tots. the dinosaur on priscilla's shirt was the show that ended up being my first job ever, that then lead me to where i am today. being home made me remember that anyone can achieve their dreams. no matter who you are, where you are from and what you want to do with your life. please never give up. i love you all for believing in me. thank you, thank you, thank you :growing_heart: 
insta1169 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: dallas 
insta1170 my hometown :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta1171 feels so good to be home. hi dallas. i hope i make tx proud. :smiling_face: 
insta1172 unfortunately i didn't get to stay long cuz the littles needa be safe x 
insta1173 houston 
insta1174 yesss. i die :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1175 it's only about this. 
insta1176 but wait... i. mean. my :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1177 families :growing_heart: 
insta1178 :gem_stone: 
insta1179 spurs 
insta1180 san antonio, tx!!!! 
insta1181 and on to the next.. 
insta1182 forever 
insta1183 :red_heart: 
insta1184 ... thank you so much 
insta1185 then tampa.. 
insta1186 first was south florida.. 
insta1188 me libertando 
insta1189 off duty 
insta1190 then my meet n greet gets crashed. but i am not complaining :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1191 sometimes it's a russo thing :smiling_face: 
insta1193 those faces 
insta1194 selfie 
insta1195 :gem_stone: 
insta1196 charlotte, nc 
insta1198 i ask "do you know how cute you are?" his response, "oh yea i do" then gave me that look. :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1199 seacrest studios today in charlotte! :smiling_face: 
insta1200 mi familia. :red_heart: 
insta1202 :kiss_mark: atl love 
insta1203 atlanta, ga :purple_heart: 
insta1204 atl 
insta1205 my bus guests this evening 
insta1206 i :purple_heart: u more 
insta1207 littles 
insta1208 :smiling_face: 
insta1209 nashville. i needed tonight. thank uou 
insta1210 :purple_heart: 
insta1211 :face_savoring_food: 
insta1212 louisville, kentucky 
insta1213 hershey :face_savoring_food: 
insta1214 the boys 
insta1215 nj :red_heart: 
insta1216 xx 
insta1217 newark, jersey 
insta1218 he's in it :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta1219 jersey princess's 
insta1221 mine 
insta1222 perfect vision 
insta1223 fam 
insta1224 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1225 my littles :smiling_face: 
insta1226 connecticut 
insta1227 2013 
insta1228 :collision: 
insta1229 :smirking_face: 
insta1230 philly, you shined too bright. literally. :flushed_face: :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::kiss_mark: 
insta1231 hur did by 
insta1232 instag 
insta1233 toldja :face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1234 never ended such a beautiful show in tears because they wouldn't allow me to instagram tonight. completely heart broken and pissed. thank you so much brooklyn. ill be stoping outside letterman tomorrow to make it up if you can make it. i love you guys more than you know. promise. 
insta1235 werk 
insta1236 everything 
insta1237 buffalo. sup 
insta1239 i :purple_heart: u 
insta1240 spending time with my cousin and her man... 
insta1241 305 
insta1243 ok.. we deserve a night of.. just this. 
insta1244 braided babies in boston :smiling_face::smiling_face: i. can't. 
insta1245 wicked awesome :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta1246 boston 
insta1247 see i love my dancers because they love y'all just as much as i do. we used real fan posters on stage last night. let's make it a thing? k. 
insta1248 batman 
insta1249 :camera: 
insta1250 :kiss_mark: pa 
insta1251 pittsburg, pa :purple_heart: 
insta1252 :smiling_face: 
insta1253 :kiss_mark: 
insta1254 us... ready??? fairfax, va :red_heart: 
insta1256 lily and jules lovin 
insta1284 i've adapted 
insta1285 g'nite london 
insta1286 imma geek in :growing_heart: 
insta1287 :purple_heart: 
insta1288 london. night 1 
insta1289 hi london 
insta1290 night paris x 
insta1291 crazy horse 
insta1292 je t'aime 
insta1293 :purple_heart: 
insta1294 paris 
insta1295 x 
insta1297 when in belgium 
insta1298 and remember, nerds need love too 
insta1299 goodnight 
insta1300 :purple_heart: 
insta1301 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1303 amsterdam 
insta1304 amsterdam 
insta1305 tagged. until next time norway. 
insta1306 oslo 
insta1307 oslo, i love you. 
insta1308 red hair, she don't care 
insta1309 :cherries: cherry 
insta1310 sweden sweet:growing_heart:s 
insta1311 and my littles :smiling_face: *sigh* 
insta1312 :collision: 
insta1313 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1314 stockholm lovin :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1315 :smirking_face: 
insta1316 it's starting again... copenhagen :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1317 getaway.. :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1318 :red_heart: 
insta1319 thank you guys for voting! :red_heart: :smiling_face: 
insta1320 in complete shock. anthony mandler and vmas! thank you for my first moon man. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1322 justjoy 
insta1323 toronto turnt alllll the way!! :red_heart: you 
insta1324 :red_heart: 
insta1327 oh, montreal.. i haven't cried like that for a while. i :red_heart: you! thank you 
insta1328 thank u 
insta1329 :red_heart: 
insta1332 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1334 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1335 about to be an over post but ottawa deserves it after tonight! 
insta1337 getaway time :) 
insta1338 now, i hurt. everywhere. 
insta1339 winnipeg love :red_heart: you guys reminded me why i'm so in love with what i do tonight. best show yet 
insta1340 :cherries: 
insta1342 saskatoon 
insta1343 cuddlin with ricky bobby 
insta1344 after hours 
insta1345 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1346 edmonton :red_heart: 
insta1348 the focus 
insta1349 <3 
insta1350 volare 
insta1351 i run away. a lot. 
insta1352 vancouver!! we had fun! can't thank y'all enough for an amazing 1st show!! 
insta1353 biked 9 miles today. not sure what i was thinking considering tonight is my first show. it was completely worth it. 
insta1354 ran away before the show. 
insta1355 no helmet. rebel. 
insta1356 dressing room flow 
insta1357 hi vancouver :smiling_face: 
insta1358 met this little at the airport. ended up on the same flight and gave her tickets to my show hehe i kinda like my job 
insta1359 next stop vancouver! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face: first show!! 
insta1360 :musical_notes: 
insta1361 brazilians though.. 
insta1362 :eight-spoked_asterisk: 
insta1363 bye la 
insta1364 she's just so 
insta1366 homesick.. 
insta1368 tour ready... bringing the dolce on the road :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta1369 midnight in paris. 
insta1370 all about tha hair :black_large_square: 
insta1371 final notes and touches... :red_heart: 
insta1372 first timers at sonic... this is very entertaining. :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1373 boys gettin ready for tour.. but why do they have more shoes than me? :) 
insta1375 we won!! :smiling_face: 
insta1376 still... in shock 
insta1377 "i'm sitting pretty on the throne, there's nothing more i want, expect to be alone." -lorde 
insta1378 from the stars dance tour and lil g... thank you 
insta1379 nobody can change your mind. you must take that responsibility all on your own 
insta1380 under the stars s(he) took my hand and said.. 
insta1381 selenka loves her basia :) 
insta1382 my... 
insta1383 but at least i got 
insta1384 no new friends... 
insta1385 now get this... werk 
insta1386 thank you to for an amazing bday!!!! it's a birthday week! 
insta1387 :thumbs_up: 
insta1388 safe to say, i'm enjoying this very much ;) thank you for all the bday love! i love you guys so much x 
insta1389 my cake was... jack n the box tacos... yes. 
insta1390 guess what... i'm 21. um, 
insta1392 and all that jazz 
insta1393 action 
insta1394 ill be crashing on your couch when the silence gets too loud 
insta1395 dance 
insta1396 the motion 
insta1397 beat 
insta1398 stuck in neverland forever 
insta1400 go listen/stream/smell/taste new album :fire::fire: brodie you killed it 
insta1401 save the tiger 
insta1402 im a master baiter 
insta1403 first round decapitation 
insta1404 f**k the corona virus 
insta1405 this dude may be the only person i know who works harder than me... happy 23rd birthday you beautiful maniac, your discipline inspires me more than you realize; i know you‘ll secure a glorious victory on january 30th so im betting $50k on you. no pressure ps take the fight you smurf :clown_face::boxing_glove: 
insta1406 made mike’s birthday dreams cum true :drooling_face: 
insta1407 spent the last 72 hours getting my ass kicked by from seal team six at a physically & mentally grueling military combat training camp. got a taste of the rigorous challenges our armed forces overcome on a daily basis. although our country is politically divided and times are tumultuous, i am eternally grateful for the men & women who have sacrificed everything to maintain the freedom that our predecessors so courageously fought for :United_States: oh and! if you’re anti-gun, swipe right. if you’re vegan and anti-gun, swipe right again 
insta1408 my nine most impactful moments of 2019 1.) when i pulled my hamstring twice and started turning into thanos... then raged my face off in ibiza for two weeks and made it 10x worse. - 2.) the passing of a young legend. kong da savage was kidnapped & eaten by a coyote. this was the last pic we ever took. he was so soft & so dumb & he’ll always hold a special spot in my heart. if you’re a coyote and you’re reading this, im coming for you :bow_and_arrow: - 3.) adoption of a new legend, the world’s greatest looking husky. i try to emulate this dog’s energy. he’s always happy, ready for adventure, and eager to please. my new best friend. - 4.) when i slapped a man into the 8th dimension & realized i didnt want to fly to russia and enter the international russian slapping contest. may seem obvious but this was a big growth moment for me in realizing that life > content. - 5.) when we trolled the entire world & infiltrated the flat earth community under the guise that i, pogan laul, believe the earth is flat. don’t be f**king morons. - 6.) the death of the most iconic bird in history: this little sun conure was my guy since high school, before vine. he was eaten by who is currently at bad dog camp. maverick became a martyr as he continues to emblazon apparel on people across the world. - 7.) extending our family at the watts empowerment center. we brought a winter wonderland to kids in california who have never seen snow. i love these hooligans. - 8.) we’ve been saying it, but the world finally caught up... was awarded “podcast of the year” at the 2019 awards. holy sh*t this show has changed my life & people’s perception of me. - 9.) the fight... after becoming a professional boxer & three months of a grueling fight camp, i unfortunately came up short. sort of. we sold out the staples center, made internet history again, & became one of the most successful boxing events on i’ll likely have two fights next year, 1 mma and 1 boxing. - final notes: i didn’t suck that dick (sorry?) team maverick is doing 2020 sober 2020 is the year of the girlfriend two points was bullsh*t 
insta1409 happy christmas from me and the big man 
insta1410 practice makes perfect 
insta1411 what a fucking night. congrats to the champ blessed to share the ring with you & punch each other in the face for entertainment... let’s do it again sometime :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta1412 tonight my life begins 
insta1413 199.4 pounds of america :United_States: :mobile_phone:download to watch the fight tomorrow night :laptop: 
insta1414 my coaches forbid me from having sex before my fight. they said i need to “build my batch.” what’s a batch? put quite simply, pent up ejaculate: my octane, if you will. enough to sink a battleship. my friends know the power of my will, but they also know the power of my willy, so they supported me and kicked all the witches out. my legs are strong and my balls is heavy. im ready for war this saturday. download the app & watch me yoss this mans :boxing_glove: 
insta1415 literal blood, sweat, and tears were put into this film. our official boxing documentary is out now. :boxing_glove: link in bio :boxing_glove: 
insta1416 + a beard and a little controversy 
insta1417 i haven’t told y’all this yet but im actually a super saiyan :shushing_face: 
insta1418 a girl once told me “you’re actually really weird and turning me off more than anyone in my life” but that was before i had a mustache so 
insta1419 time to do what i do best :smiling_face_with_horns: :boxing_glove: watch the press conference live, link in bio :boxing_glove: 
insta1420 next saturday... come support the kid :dizzy: (also live streamed on my yt channel) 
insta1421 exactly one year ago today... i don’t support violence but also i’m going to break every bone in your face later this year 
insta1422 this could be us but im an emotionally unavailable a**hole 
insta1423 just gave a shark a wet willy 
insta1424 four years later, and is finally here... this is the craziest, raunchiest, edgiest movie you’ll ever see. wear a helmet and elbow pads when you watch it. and a diaper. :police_car_light: now available for pre-order on link in biooooo :police_car_light: 
insta1425 multiple hematomas and a pulled hamstring, yay 
insta1426 big weekend: - bro got married - i stayed single - shot at the wedding - hosted for charity - pulled a hamstring (twice) - riley reid got naked on the jet to vegas - lost $10,000 gambling - mom turned 29 - drunkenly jumped in a pool at broke my “water resistant” phone - currently flying to london :airplane: 
insta1427 presented by are live right now, link in bio... come watch me become the fastest man on the internet & help us raise money for the :man_running_medium-light_skin_tone::thought_balloon: thank youuuu!!! 
insta1428 this saturday, 5pm pst. get your tickets & be there. or, stream live for free on and help raise money for the ... whatever it is, i want y’all to be involved :man_dancing: hundreds of your most favorite/hated youtubers, athletes, models, racing for charity. all in one place... it’s time to become the fastest entertainer on the planet. :police_car_light: ticket link in bio :police_car_light: (ps - for exclusive behind-the-scenes content, including the official live stream, download & watch on the official presenter of 
insta1429 i hate this post so much and i hate that i have to do this but i believe i owe it to y’all after the years of continuous and relentless support... the iconic has died. after being with me every day for 7 years, since before i even started vine, maverick passed while i was away in sweden. and by passed, i mean, he was eaten by my mastiff, who mistook him for a small rubber chicken. this little bird inspired so much of what i do, he was my best friend, he’s the inspiration behind the icon worn proudly by millions of people around the world, and as bizarre as it sounds, this little parrot’s legacy will live on far beyond his life. i’m not sure where to go from here or how to handle this because it’s symbolic to me in so many ways, but for all the mavericks out there who continue to see life through the lens of possibility, who continue to persevere and embrace their differences, i have never-ending love and optimism for you. maverick will always be with us in spirit, and he will forever hold the largest piece of my heart. stay strong & i will too 
insta1430 sweden in 10 pictures (swipe) :smiling_face_with_horns: this has been the best two weeks of my life. i’ve gained so much love for this country and its people... everyone is kind, respectful, happy, and so good looking! they’re all hot! and don’t get me started on the swedish meatballs. or the pickled cucumbers (which btw, wouldn’t those just be pickles?) tea & scones, scooters, 4am street hot dogs, you name it, they got it :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: i think i’m definitely part swedish. and if i’m not, i want to be. i gotta go kick everyone’s ass in but i’ll be back soon. :red_heart: u :Sweden:, jag älskar dig 
insta1431 4 years later & she’s on the podcast :squinting_face_with_tongue: episode 99 of with this gem, link in biooooo 
insta1432 im a unicorn :upside-down_face: 
insta1433 im in sweden but happy birthday america, ya son of a bitch :United_States::sparkles: 
insta1434 a broken finger. ripped jeans. douchey poses... that’s what happen when and i become bounty hunters... new video, link in bio 
insta1435 18 vs. 24 ... there’s hope kids :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: [left] helpless, intoxicated, vine star [right] scholar, billionaire, jake paul’s brother 
insta1436 i bought a lion puppy 
insta1437 dressed up as me for the day 
insta1438 spoiler alert :police_car_light: thanos turns into a dwarf, ironman becomes a metrosexual flight attendant, the hulk loses 400 lbs & checks into rehab, thor is now an overweight, controversial youtuber, and gamora is actually shrek’s slutty sister :face_with_hand_over_mouth: 
insta1439 meet broley :dog_face: 
insta1440 couldn’t get back on google preferred so i decided to be a peanut butter and jelly sandwich 
insta1441 young doggie may no longer be on this planet, but we’ve preserved his legacy in this exclusive, world class pillow, now available. all proceeds go to the west valley animal shelter to help raise money & awareness about coyotes and keep the people & pets of los angeles safe. they took my son... but at least i have this pillow, it’s good at absorbing tears. link in bio 
insta1442 bought dis 
insta1443 i lost all 12 of my brain cells at coachella. but i did get this extra nipple. s/o underboob 
insta1444 well. rest in peace you little inbred. you little golden puffle poof. your tongue will forever be long & bountiful ... my son was taken by a coyote last night from our front yard. despite his savagery, he didn’t stand a chance. fuck. i’ll miss his mindless, empty stares. his incessant 7am barking. his urine stains on my chestnut floors. you’ve made your dent in this universe and i wouldn’t have expected you to go any other way... love you god damnit. im coming for you yotes heed my words. 
insta1445 skies out, thighs out :woman_dancing_medium-light_skin_tone: two years ago the maverick revolution began and the world changed 5evr. a maverick is fueled by their differences. diesel shit. they thrive in the unknown & see life through the lens of possibility. now... it’s time to do some good on this floating rock of ours, because i believe our generation will change the world. for every piece you buy, we give one to a kid in need. get 1, give 1. the new maverick retro drop is sick, yellow & black. and a t-shirt. fuk w/ me. join the movement and let’s make an impact on this trick. :police_car_light: link in bio :police_car_light: 
insta1446 instagram vs. reality tag a cat fish 
insta1447 our documentary is now the number one most critically acclaimed movie of all time. wow. thx to everyone across the disc that helped make this dream cum tru. :woman_dancing_medium-light_skin_tone: movie link in bio :woman_dancing_medium-light_skin_tone: ps - comment your favorite part 
insta1448 after all this la shit im gonna buy a real secluded home in the mountains with a big lake and chop wood for the rest of my life 
insta1449 100,069 comments & ill buy a goat :goat: tag a farm animal 
insta1450 my son. you’re 22 now; life will be drastically different... you will be able to taste sound, and see smells. you will posses the wisdom of a buddhist monk and the strength of 1000 hangry spartans. your libido will increase, ten fold. angels will emerge from depths unbeknownst to man just to deliver you grilled cheeses :sandwich: enjoy it my brother, for you can mark this monumental milestone but once in a lifetime :lollipop: sincerest thanks to for providing the canvas for us to paint this masterpiece. love you man :red_heart: 
insta1451 i think im lost 
insta1452 alright, i broke. my 10 ear challenge. so many ears. 
insta1453 2018. you son of a bitch. what a year. so many lessons learned, so much growth as a human being, i guarantee this will be the most important year of my life... i could go on and on. point is, we did it. chapter closed. dear 2019... let’s get this fkn bread :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta1454 take it all away & i still got this guy 
insta1455 we fly together :eagle: largest blowout sale ever on right now: - up to 70% off everything - two tone hoodies are back - :airplane: grab some gear and you + a friend have the chance to be flown out to la to chill on an episode of :airplane: join the movement... be a maverick. :right_arrow: link in bio :left_arrow: 
insta1456 i feel like a flavor of ice cream, tag a creamsicle 
insta1457 thankful for no nut november, greatest thing since sliced bread... tag some sliced bread :baguette_bread: 
insta1458 dear thx for letting me be an adult who wears autumnal colors & for accepting my beard :maple_leaf::person_medium-light_skin_tone_beard: “i hate being hated” best quote lololol great article about the kid, link in bio 
insta1459 this... is... 
insta1460 wondering what your father would think of that costume ... tag ur dad 
insta1461 it took me 23 years of mediocre work to acquire this much swag 
insta1462 possible venue for the next fight? :smirking_face::boxing_glove: 
insta1463 surprised they let me back in this country 
insta1464 put a plow on the g... my favorite saying applies now more than ever: either hop on the ride, or get the f**k out the way 
insta1465 love makes you do weird things. like buy a pig & name it :pig_face: our first daughter lololol it’s gonna be awkward if we break up... who gets the pig? me. jk. welcome to the family my little ginger pork putty mudroller 
insta1466 new profile pic 
insta1467 thanks for putting up with me these last 3 months miss. i know i was a testosterone nightmare. but! it’s finally over :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: ... until the rematch... muahahaha love youuuuu 
insta1468 [swipe] conclusions: - i should’ve won that fight - when i punch it looks like im pooping - ksi fights like a dog in a corner & i respect that - jealous of ksi’s sparkly skirt - some people are saying the fight was rigged, literally suck my ass - my gear is sexy af (merch link in bio) - i will not leave it up to the judges in the usa rematch 
insta1469 today will be the greatest day of my life... link in bio to watch the biggest internet event in history at 12p pst, 3pm est, and 8pm bst 
insta1470 just remember... you asked for this :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta1471 a different breed 
insta1472 jackson, it was a joy to be your wish ... you’re a true maverick brother; thanks for coming over, playing fortnite with me, eating burgers and talking about whooping ksi’s ass :boxing_glove::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1473 the name’s logan. paul logan. 
insta1474 actions, not words :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta1475 i never thought it was possible but this girl has won my heart :eggplant::red_heart::peach: one of the many reasons i love chloe: over the past year she’s experienced all my ups & all my downs. and as most of you know... mainly downs :face_with_tears_of_joy: but. she never turned her back on me, she didn’t publicly shame me, and she didn’t hop on the “i hate logan paul” bandwagon... instead, she stuck her neck out for me, risked her career and personal friendships, and chose to help me grow as a human being & educate me on how to use my platform more responsibly... whichhhh all allowed me to learn from my mistakes, because she saw something special in me - and to anyone giving her a hard time, please do not hold chloe accountable for my actions in the past; instead recognize her efforts to help me become a better man & do good on this floating rock. that’s a queen right there. my queen :crown::peach: love ya girlfriend sorry for being cheesy afff 
insta1476 i don’t think i’ve ever seen jake’s ankles before, they’re actually not bad 
insta1477 happy b day america :United_States: ily 
insta1478 either hop on the train or get the fuck out the way 
insta1479 team paul. let the madness begin. :boxing_glove: watch the press conference live, link in bio :boxing_glove: fight tickets on sale next week 
insta1480 this saturday. watch the press conference for the. biggest. event. in. internet. history. on august 25 i’m going to box back to irrelevancy. but it all begins this weekend... cancel your brunch & mark your calendars — come watch the live press conference, this saturday 12pm pst on my youtube channel. (also, if you in the logang and you live in la, come through and support the maverick :winking_face:) :boxing_glove: let the games begin :boxing_glove: 
insta1481 [swipe] you like to break rules? :smiling_face_with_horns: put on your seat belts peeple, we just dropped our new rule breaker line, my favorite drop yet, these cut off sweatshirts & bottoms are literally hand crafted by angels and softer than an adolescent chinchilla, anndddddd one of you who visits the maverick site through monday is going to be flown out to la for the ksi vs. logan paul press conference later this month. and we’ll hangout. and break some rules. :police_car_light: link in go buyyooo:police_car_light: (ps, also choosing 5 people to win a $250 gift certificate go go go) 
insta1482 fly together baby, it’s what we do :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::winking_face: feelin fresh & ready to conquer the world in the new apparel; sorry about my mutant finger in the fourth pic tho :face_with_monocle: :TOP_arrow: outfit link in bio :TOP_arrow: 
insta1483 [swipe] pumped for my fight against on august 25 :boxing_glove: he may be a horrible youtuber, but he makes great toilet paper. 
insta1484 i cherish this truck more than i cherish the remaining 85% of my right testicle :snowman: (p.s. did you get the new t-shirts yet if not link in bio yeet) 
insta1485 i call him... the lion kong :lion: 
insta1486 looking for everyone’s morals at coachella like^ 
insta1487 just a boy with a dream... and a dog who is 85% hair 
insta1488 holy adult. not only does ya boy turn 23 tomorrow, but it’s the official 1 year anniversary of the brand that has changed many lives around the world, mine included - :TOP_arrow::party_popper::smiling_face_with_horns: in celebration, we just dropped our brand new hoodies & t-shirts, grey performance shorts, as well as leggings for our lady mavericks :woman_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone: and - all original t-shirts are $10. let’s party. :police_car_light:link in got dayum bio:police_car_light: also i’m gonna be hucking it so hard this weekend, happy birthday to us 
insta1489 do u even fortnite 
insta1490 dirtier than my third grade diary 
insta1491 super sexy pic of our music video for what some people are saying could be the number one song in the world. now, i don’t know about that, but i do know it’s definitely going to be the number song in the world :globe_showing_Europe-Africa::musical_notes: coming this sunday (ps new vlog go watch yeet) 
insta1492 white boy, whiter biceps :flexed_biceps_light_skin_tone: 
insta1493 can’t see the haters well. only with one eye which is less than two eyes statistically speaking fuk where has this caption gone 
insta1494 hey im back wut year is it 
insta1495 it’s 2018. let’s grab life by the pokéballs. 
insta1496 japan will never be the same :Japan: 
insta1497 merry christmas mister 
insta1498 damn... grew up in ohio hearing about the foundation, fast forward a few years & meeting me was the “wish” of 8 amazing kids from across the globe :globe_showing_Americas: (left to right) aidan, nick, sofia, chloe, chochboy, salora, derick, callum and elias - thanks for hanging & putting up with my loudness, y’all inspire me because no matter what you’re going through, i couldn’t even tell, you all had smiles and were filled with laughter... the best way to live the one life we got. much love. hearts :heart_suit: 
insta1499 stallions 
insta1500 the road to the :TOP_arrow: continues... currently filming my badass movie 2: new world order :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: coming 2018 
insta1501 your favorite duo watch out mr. claus :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1502 :turkey::turkey: happy thanksgiving, i’m thankful i was born in the right place at the right time and raised by parents who knew how to instill values of hard work and pure mothaf**kin savagery, i vow to dent the universe and inspire others to do the same; the maverick movement is real and spreading across the world, also thankful for everyone who dedicates time to watch your boy on social media, i’d have your babies :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone: everything 20% off until cyber monday, link in bizzle 
insta1503 christmas came early & santa’s new name is :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone: 1.) 20% off sitewide discount through cyber monday 2.) just dropped our next-level:diamond_suit:red collection:diamond_suit:(joggers, hoodies, backpacks, shorts) 3.) flying two of you out here to hang & ride in the freshly wrapped red challenger, so go shop, join the movement and :diamond_suit::right_arrow: link in bio :left_arrow::diamond_suit: 
insta1504 yeah. the sequel. shooting for my next movie: - new world order” starts tomorrow! :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: in an overpopulated world where human life is dictated by test scores, my character blake redding will once again get to shock the nation with his intense good looks & boyish charm :smiling_face_with_horns: - also i’m reading the script from the highest building in the world - also notice pinky ring - also new rolex cuz dubai :1st_place_medal::fire:yaaa:party_popper::brain: 
insta1505 stock just went up :TOP_arrow: link in bio :TOP_arrow: 
insta1506 daddy 
insta1507 16 hour flight to dubai :airplane: doing the biggest meet & greet in the world on nov 11, 5pm at — can’t wait to see everyone, let’s get rowdy :smiling_face_with_horns: also, just dropped these pink hoodies and they’re so cool they’re actually illegal in idaho :part_alternation_mark: :TOP_arrow: (link in bio) :TOP_arrow: 
insta1508 [swipe] the apparel game has changed forever — we just dropped bottoms (joggers, shorts, leggings) :face_screaming_in_fear::collision::TOP_arrow: you can quote me - these will be the most comfortable & versatile bottoms you own; from performance shorts and marled joggers to form fitting, breathable leggings for our ladies... we got you covered head to toe, and in youth sizes too. facts, we’re awesome. :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: as we officially cross the gap from “merch” to an actual apparel company, the maverick movement continues to grow, thrive and innovate. we’re not afraid to stand out, and we’re not afraid of the hard work it takes to achieve our goals, no matter how crazy those goals may seem... i’m just a kid from ohio, but l was never afraid to prove to the simple-minded people in my town that l was going to be great... god damn i’m getting deep but real talk this is a big milestone for our brand, l can’t wait to take over the world with my fellow mavericks hahaha get your bottoms and join the movement!! :TOP_arrow: link in bio :TOP_arrow: (p.s. the favorite hoodie is back, get yours before it sells out again :winking_face_with_tongue:) 
insta1509 yaaoo i was bored so i bought the biggest pumpkin in california (2,000 pounds)... it’s pale and has a huge stem, just like me 
insta1510 “no handlebars” song + music video coming soon :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: also, all these girls are with me cuz my flawless personality obviously not cuz i hired them with money to make me look cool for my music video 
insta1511 [left] my new house [right] promises i wrote down 7 years ago after life kicked my ass... at 15 years old, i had surgery on both knees and got a titanium plate the sizer of a quarter inserted in my head. i was ruled out for the entire football season (the only thing i wanted to do at the time), and remember crying, literally weeping on the floor at home, screaming “whyyy me?! whyyyy?!” <— lol can you imagine that? anyways... i took the loss. but i decided to say f**k it, and that i wasn’t going to let this road bump shape my destiny or my mindset. instead, i let it make me stronger. next time, i was going to kick life’s ass :smiling_face_with_horns: now, after years of hard work, exceeding expectations and countless hours of honing and pursuing my passion of creating, at 22 years old, i just bought me a house! take that life, you son of a bitch! :face_with_tears_of_joy: jk, you’re dope, and thanks for having me on your planet. the mavericks stay winning :winking_face: p.s., look at my shorts, bottoms dropping nov 1, about to change the merch game forever yeet 
insta1512 wanted some excitement in my life so i grew this mustache (it took me an hour) :man_medium-light_skin_tone: do u luv it or h8 it? ps u got merch? (link in bio) 
insta1513 it's finished!!! three months of customization and "the cool bus" is finally complete :smiling_face_with_horns: we turned a regular, boring school bus into the most ridiculously obnoxious and savage content machine in the united states. it's not a head turner - it's a god damn neck breaker... and it bangs, y'all killed it :fire::fire::fire: features: smart glass (automatic window tint), 30 interior speakers, electric winch, color changing led lights, toilet, microwave, kitchen, hammock on the inside, 50 inch flatscreen with apple tv & wifi, two beanbags, air conditioning, an intercom system and a bunch of other dope stuff :face_with_tears_of_joy::raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: (p.s. swipe over and check out the tires, always plug, merch link in bio yeet) 
insta1514 my song "outta my hair" and music video is coming soon ps zombies can still be hot :skull::fire: 
insta1515 thanks for letting me talk about my testicles on your show 
insta1516 my baby is back and badder than ever :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: (ps catch me on tonight, 11:35pm est, 10:35 ct) 
insta1517 hercules wore jorts too :grapes::Italy::dizzy: 
insta1518 searching for my future italian wife but she playin rn :Italy::United_States::person_tipping_hand_medium_skin_tone: 
insta1519 aight this is getting stupid lololol :gem_stone::sweat_droplets::snowflake::sweat_droplets::snowflake::sweat_droplets::snowflake::gem_stone: 
insta1520 i wouldn't be posting this if i didn't think it's the beginning of an incredibly long, prosperous, earth-shaking journey... just got my diamond play button and i'm proud to say we're the fastest channel to ever hit 10m subscribers on (333 days), and as of today i've officially been vlogging for 1 year. hot damn. :fire::fire::fire: every day i aim to send ripples through life, spread positivity and preach that being different is not only okay, but encouraged. it's the mavericks who are going to dent the universe... and you can bet you're ass i'm gonna put a dent in this bitch :winking_face_with_tongue: our new shirt is available for 48 hours only, so grab your merch and :TOP_arrow: (link in bio) :TOP_arrow: 
insta1521 damn... the sun is sunny and the ice is icy :gem_stone::snowflake::sun::snowflake::sun::snowflake::sun::snowflake::sun::snowflake::gem_stone: 
insta1522 i'm the burning man cuz this coat is hot af :fire: 
insta1523 my boy wanted a rolex... so i got him a rolex :crown: 
insta1524 it's cool to win two awards... it's even cooler when your brother also wins two :smiling_face_with_horns: also just broke history on the internet and became the fastest channel to hit 10m subscribers... it took us 333 days :fire: yeet the logang paulers are the strongest family on the web, soon to be the world --- let's keep being great, breaking rules, and working hard to achieve our goals. thanks to all of you from the bottom of my big blonde choch heart :yellow_heart: 
insta1525 the lion kong :lion: 
insta1526 the rocket ship is about to take off... you coming? :rocket::winking_face: introducing our new yeti backpack - by far my favorite & coolest piece we've ever dropped... along with the back to school and youth merch we just released, the mavericks continue to lead the pack in innovation and straight up savagery - get your gear & join the movement yeet :TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow: :right_arrow: link in bio :left_arrow: 
insta1527 i'm logan paul and i came here to f**k s**t up 
insta1528 fur soft but we hard af 
insta1529 i'm not a good swimmer so good thing my biceps act as floating devices :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone::face_with_tears_of_joy: missing hawaii... where should i travel to next?! :airplane::airplane: 
insta1530 new whip new merch same ohio boy :winking_face: grab your merch in the next 48 hours & i'm embroidering 10 of your names on the interior and flying 2 of you out here to take a ride in this beast! :fire: logang to the :TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow: (link in bio) :fire: 
insta1531 this sh*t way too crazy ay :face_screaming_in_fear: first ever pop-up shop is out of controllllll! y'all are savages, rain or shine you show up excited to witness the experience and rep the merch! we got two more days so stay tame for me so the nypd doesn't put me in jail, aight? :winking_face: 
insta1532 new york city... let's light it up this weekend :smiling_face_with_horns: we're hosting the first ever pop-up shop in the heart of nyc!!! our team has been grinding hard to make this an experience, with exclusive and unreleased merchandise that'll make you salivate :sweat_droplets: come take pics, grab your merch and join the movement :part_alternation_mark: can't wait to see you savages this weekend! :part_alternation_mark: (swipe for details) 
insta1533 damn we're sexy 
insta1534 :United_States: 
insta1535 the duo :TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow::TOP_arrow: ... who's reppin merch this fourth of july? :United_States::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1536 that's a wrap on unfortunately that means my character mickey doesn't get to charm any more ladies with his wide stance and big hands :tired_face: but... i can't wait for y'all to see this movie in theaters next year! now off to kauai, hawaii to celebrate! :hundred_points: 
insta1537 dear society, try to stop me :smiling_face_with_horns: - the maverick our black and white line is slick affff, join the movement and :fire:merch link in bio:fire: 
insta1538 just dropped the hottest music video of 2018 with this legend i skipped a year cuz it's so damn awesome... go watch that ish :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: :fire:link in bio:fire: 
insta1539 mickey's a dog 
insta1540 i break the rules... i am unique... i work hard... i'm a maverick. just dropped our new usa line, grab your gear for the fourth of july and :hundred_points: :United_States: link in bio :United_States: 
insta1541 my next movie! it's called and i play the character of "mickey" - a fun loving choch from the 1980s who drives a yellow bronco and smells like golden buttercups :face_with_tears_of_joy: this will be the biggest film i've done yet & there's nothing like it. comedy, love, music... valley girl got it all! yeeeeeeeet :fire: 
insta1542 lots of good stuff happening - my comedy song "help me help you" featuring the little bros just hit 26 million views on and is sitting at number 6 on both global and viral top 50 hit list! :fire: also, the boy's song "something different" that i directed the music video for just hit the radio for the first time evahhhhh! so cool to see them grow :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: lastly... :face_screaming_in_fear: all will be explained in tomorrow's vlog :hundred_points: 
insta1543 the maverick :collision: focused... 
insta1544 was bored. filled my cool bus with plastic balls. why couldn't we have gone to school like this?! :face_with_tears_of_joy::bus: (ps, all merch is 20% off for this weekend only! and get it fast, link in bio) 
insta1545 every good friendship has a solid foundation :hundred_points: holy s*** that was cheesy :face_with_tears_of_joy::cheese_wedge: love you bro :camera: by 
insta1546 only one is a legend but the other two are on their way :winking_face: 
insta1547 off to vegas to present the "top social artist" award at the :airplane::TOP_arrow: 
insta1548 our song is out now on & :fire::musical_note: go download it & let's get this puppy to number 1 :winking_face: :TOP_arrow:link in bio! :TOP_arrow: 
insta1549 always plug. best life advice ever :face_with_tears_of_joy: examples: follow my puppy hat :dog_face: my song "help me help you" feat. comes out tomorrow :musical_notes: follow my 2nd account :fire: women's gear just dropped :person_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone: buy your "always plug" gear now, link in bio :electric_plug: lol so much plugging :electric_plug::electric_plug::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1550 unconditional love for this woman. growing up, she was my test audience for all my hobbies - magic tricks, photography, inventing, and my favorite: comedy. if i could make her laugh with a dirty joke she knew she wasn't supposed to laugh at, then i was doing a good job :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: she encouraged creativity and supported all my endeavors, no matter how insane. i'm glad nothing's changed... except maybe our haircuts :face_with_tears_of_joy: love ya mama, happy mother's day! 
insta1551 new pup. new merch. both savage. :crown: welcome aboard the rocket ship i promise you're about to live the craziest, most fun life that's semi-legal for a dog :smiling_face_with_horns: p.s. swoop your merch, now available for 1 week - link in bio :fire: 
insta1552 this weekend for my show i legitimately became the mayor of ruston, louisiana :face_with_tears_of_joy: with great power comes great responsibility, which is not really my thing, so i gave the old mayor his job back after this fiery speech to my fine people. :fire: what a weekend. this episode is gonna be amazing. one last thing: i don't need a slogan, my name's logan. :United_States: 
insta1553 elk crossing! just hitchhiked the entire west coast of the united states & crossed two international borders along the way lololol :grinning_squinting_face: no money, no phone (my ride took this pic), no food or water... all i gotta say is: what an experience. hitch hiking coming this fall on :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: (p.s. the new collection is comfy af & only available for 5 more days, link in bio) 
insta1554 fun fact - for the next two days i'm hitchhiking from vancouver, canada, to tijuana, mexico for my show :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone: they're blindfolding me and taking my phone and wallet so if i get kidnapped along the way, someone please make a low budget documentary of my life called "the maverick" or "the choch" and win an oscar. now, if i make it... guhhh dayummmm, this episode is gonna be entertaining af haha :smirking_face: coming this fall on 
insta1555 another one! just wrapped our music video shoot for my comedy song "help me help you" feat. & starring the irresistible caramel colored goddess :collision: this song/video is going to make you laugh. hard. like really hard, i'm talking dwayne johnson hard. be on the lookout :eyes: 
insta1556 i'm a very hands-on director. i'm also a very pants-off director. from acting to producing to writing to directing, i love all aspects of entertainment & it's important to me that i'm changing the game both behind and in front of the camera :movie_camera: this music video i directed for song "something different" is my favorite piece of work yet; i put my heart and soul into it, these cats are going to be massive & i'm honored to be along for the ride. to the top! :fire:(ps, music video link is in bio go watch!) :fire: 
insta1557 - do something adventurous this week :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: yesterday your boy put his chicken legs to work with a little mid-day hike. it was cool to take a second to breathe and enjoy this floating rock we call home. but, emphasis on "second" ... time to get back to the grind :smirking_face::oncoming_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1558 every "like" on this photo helps secure 10 meals to fight hunger in america :oncoming_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: so i'm gonna say it... i want 1 million likes! yuuuuup! :collision: for every like, share, or hashtag on this pic between april 17th - may 15th, will donate $0.90 to (up to $1.5mm). a $0.90 donation is enough to help secure 10 meals! do your part and let's work together to fight hunger! :smiling_face_with_horns::United_States: 
insta1559 in the process of moving & realized that has never seen hollywood boulevard! :face_screaming_in_fear: so i took that little choch out there, parked him next to two taxis that oddly resemble his colors, and posted up for a swaggy ass instagram pic. now we here. happy easter y'all :rabbit: 
insta1560 pumped to see that people are digging my new merch :collision: i wanted to create something that inspires people to challenge society... if you have dreams, passions, goals, bring them to life! forget about the simple-minded haters, forget about what society considers "normal." who tf wants to be normal?! normal people don't change the world :winking_face_with_tongue: the word "maverick" means: someone who exhibits great independence in thought or action. emphasis on great and emphasis on action. i encourage everyone to --- to be unique, find your passion, work hard, and break the rules. let the takeover begin :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: (merch link in bio) 
insta1561 i bought a school bus... yup :face_with_tears_of_joy: i woke up one day and said "i need a school bus." so then i got one. beyond that, i have no explanation :face_with_tears_of_joy: but... i can promise you this will become the world's coolest school bus. so cool, i might even call it the "cool bus" :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: the world is my oyster of bussibilities (like "possibilities" but with a "bus") shouts to my dad for driving this from new york to california & repping the logang along the way :collision::smirking_face: 
insta1562 long & deadly... and i ain't talking about the sniper :smirking_face: ayoooo caption by: 
insta1563 today's my birthday... woah! i'm 22. here's a picture of me trying to think what's special about 22. besides that one taylor swift song probably nothing but yeah, heres to another year of surviving this crazy journey we call "life" :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::collision: 
insta1564 director logan in the house! last week i stretched my directing muscles & got to direct a music video for this band called ... some incredibly talented dudes who caught my attention & are about to change the game with their gold-coated vocal cords :fire: go watch the music video for their song "nobody gotta know" that i directed! :clapper_board: link in bio :clapper_board: 
insta1565 uh oh just got the news... our movie has been "picture locked!" :clapper_board: this means there are no more edits to the movie itself, and that it's been sent off to our visual effects & sound design team! can't wait to show this outrageously funny rated-r comedy to the world & tip hollywood upside down. or right side up... point is, whichever way it needs to be flipped, team airplane mode gonna flip it! booya baby! :airplane::airplane::airplane: 
insta1566 not a father but you can call me daddy 
insta1567 brother jake and i raced our cars today with our mom as the flag girl :face_with_tears_of_joy: who do you think won?! 
insta1568 i love this little parrot way too much so i said f**k it and bought him a $5,000 diamond ring (zoom into his ankle :face_with_tears_of_joy:) & made custom maverick socks for y'all to conquer the world in :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone::squinting_face_with_tongue: go get your pair by clicking the link in my bio! (ps the owner of the company said if i sell 20,000 pairs he'll give me his car lololol) 
insta1569 did you know the tailbone, otherwise known as the "coccyx," (side note - lol at "coccyx") is now a completely useless bone because the human race has evolved and we no longer have tails? this is a good thing because i think i shattered mine in 157 places sliding down this glacier lol k i'm tired night y'all :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1570 life is about balance :balance_scale: ... and stopping traffic to get a dope instagram pic with your long lost little sister :fire: ayyyy haha 
insta1571 this is the world's largest tree and if you look closely you'll see the world's largest chotch 
insta1572 cash me outside :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1573 the nba finals are dope this year 
insta1574 dune buggying in las vegas = top notch :fire: 
insta1575 well, i crossed "officially marry a couple" off my bucket list :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::ring: congrats elisha & kristen!!! (go watch this epic vlog - link in bio!) 
insta1576 yo best hat ever! :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1577 sexy is a lifestyle :fire: 
insta1578 double date? 
insta1579 ours is better :winking_face_with_tongue: (tag ur bestie) 
insta1580 flying to paris today... watch out france :United_States::France: (tag an american) 
insta1581 2017 ain't ready :oncoming_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: love you brother 
insta1582 who needs snow to go sledding? :face_with_tears_of_joy: go watch this epic vlog & subscribe! (link in bio) 
insta1583 let's get it :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1584 one day i will do a middle split but today is not that day :United_States: 
insta1585 not on top of the world but definitely on top of a log 
insta1586 yesterday i got these glasses that cured my color blindness and i saw true color for the first time :face_screaming_in_fear::glasses: we watched the sunset and i almost cried, key word being almost haha then we took this pic because i was so happy (ps why can my body do this?) :face_with_tears_of_joy: go watch my reaction in this emotional vlog & subscribe! (link in bio) 
insta1587 thankful that i didn't fall! (pun intended) happy almost thanksgiving :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::turkey: 
insta1588 trust :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: don't let go :winking_face: 
insta1589 just got a new dog, i named him russell :dog_face: (go watch this crazy vlog - link in bio!) 
insta1590 do it 
insta1591 soon :winking_face: 
insta1592 what if i told you i wasn't jumping, i was actually falling from the sky... and the landing really hurt :face_with_tears_of_joy: (go watch this epic vlog - link in bio!) 
insta1593 it was an honor to speak at the 30 under 30 summit about :fire: thank u boston luv u! 
insta1594 speechless. driving down the street and saw this giant billboard for my first movie, :face_screaming_in_fear: since it's the weekend, grab your friends & some popcorn, and go watch on youtube red! (link in bio) if youtube red isn't available in your country, you can watch it on google play... we gotchu bruh :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1595 it's finally here! my first movie, the thinning, is out now on youtube red! :face_screaming_in_fear: (link in bio) i promise this movie is going to blow your mind! i'm super proud of the product, and you guys can finally see a serious side of me :face_with_tongue: cancel your plans & clear your calendars --- and go watch the thinning! if youtube red isn't available in your country you can watch it on google play :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1596 tomorrow, my first movie comes out on youtube red... and i've never trained this hard in my life. you'll see why when you watch :winking_face: (update ---> movie link in bio) :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1597 yo life is dope 
insta1598 aloha, hawaii... nearly died taking this :face_with_tears_of_joy: go watch in today's epic vlog - link in bio! 
insta1599 missing the leg kicks & coconuts in brazil with mi hermano :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::Brazil: 
insta1600 popcorn pool because popcorn rules :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: (tag a friend you'd jump with :squinting_face_with_tongue:) 
insta1601 he completes me... well, almost. :face_with_tears_of_joy::squinting_face_with_tongue: (w/ 
insta1602 nothing beats an epic night like an epic sunrise :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: :fire: ps guys after spending a week in the desert without my phone, i come back to see that we hit 6 million! that's insane!!!! massive thanks to all of you for giving me the chance to make you laugh and/or vomit. let's keep growing the family :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: i'll get real sentimental at 10m but for now let's keep grinding! 
insta1603 world champion sumo wrestler vs. crazy american boy :face_with_tears_of_joy: this is for my new show "logan paul vs." --- until now it's been a secret, but we've been shooting this for the past two months all across the usa :United_States::airplane: basically i just face off against the craziest, most bizarre things in the country... this particular episode is "logan paul vs. bear" [yes, you read that right], and what better way to train for wrestling a bear than taking on a 600 pound sumo champion?!) 
insta1604 guy didn't want me to eat my giant pizza up here lololol :pizza::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta1605 american boy at the 2016 olympics with a fanny pack yaaaaas :United_States::globe_showing_Americas::Brazil: 
insta1606 i want to entertain the whole world! :globe_showing_Americas: where are you from? 
insta1607 warning: don't touch the lightsabers :fire: 
insta1608 if you look closely i'm right in the middle of the photo 
insta1609 do: enjoy the view don't: become the view :face_with_tears_of_joy: follow me today on for more modern day advice on being smooth 
insta1610 the key is to blend in with your surroundings :key::key::key::key: 
insta1611 yeehaw 
insta1612 dear japan, thanks for not kicking me out of your country love, logan :red_heart: 
insta1613 i may be in china but you know i still rep that red, white & blue... happy bday 'murica :United_States: 
insta1614 one city at a time :United_Kingdom: where to next? 
insta1615 found this little asian boy in london. named him isaac. nice kid. 
insta1616 reunited with mi hermano & climbed an abandoned lighthouse that overlooks the whole city of cannes :France::grinning_face: oh and juanpa shit his pants 
insta1617 yes i'm the dumb american who wears a "france" shirt in france :France::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1618 they're staring because they've never seen this much liberty in one picture :United_States: 
insta1619 i may skip leg day but my drop kicks are deadly :fire: 
insta1620 i was never good at babysitting :neutral_face: 
insta1621 i'm sad right now. not because the monkey is kissing and not me (although that does suck), but because after one month of living together, laughing together, and squeezing all the crazy out of life that we possibly could... juanpa mi amigo is headed back to mexico (he's literally in my phone as "juanpa mi amigo" :face_with_tears_of_joy:) ------------------------------------------------- now i know what you're thinking - no, he did not get deported. juanpa played my foreign exchange brother in and it's time for him to go home and keep conquering latin america. ------------------------------------------------- juanpa dude. you're more than a friend to me, you're a brother... and i know people will be able to feel that in the movie. your natural talent blows me away and i know the audience is going to be stunned when they see your performance in your first movie! it's been amazing to grow and learn together these past two years, and i'm so happy for your friendship. you're now in my phone as "juanpa mi hermano" ... love you brother. :United_States::Mexico: 
insta1622 best friends or ? both :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1624 this movie is going to be the funniest comedy of the year. 
insta1625 haven't posted a tool pic in a while so here you go:wrench:also think this is my first selfie as a 21 year old. slightly ashamed. but only slightly. 
insta1626 you will make this face at least once when you watch this movie. :face_with_tears_of_joy::airplane: 
insta1627 day 1 of my movie wrapped! all the cast came through and gave a performance that will make this movie timeless. and that's what we're going for - we want to give you a movie that defines a generation! defines a damn generation! this film is going to shock the world :high_voltage::globe_showing_Americas: it's a rated r comedy with no boundaries... it has the largest cast following of any movie to date... and it's going to be the funniest comedy of the year. can't wait for y'all to see 
insta1628 in celebration of my 21st birthday & starting to shoot my new movie this week, my mother got me a penis-plane cake. thanks ma! airplane mode is my movie that i helped write, am producing, and will star in! after two years of hard work on this project, i promise i'm going to deliver you guys the funniest comedy of the year! p.s. - it's rated r and is absolutely inappropriately insane :face_with_tears_of_joy: expect to see a side of me you've never seen before :airplane: 
insta1629 4 days away from shooting a movie that i wrote, am producing, and starring in - airplane mode when this little baby bird made its way into the office! :baby_chick: it was injured, so we gave it some water and returned him back to his nest. coincidence? i think not! this little guy symbolizes the beginning of a movie that is about to take off! (literally) we've been working on this project for the past two years, and i know my writing partners and directors over at are going to make this, mark my words, the funniest comedy of the decade. 
insta1630 he told me we were making a vlog then proceeded to drive me through a garage door filled with 66,000 tubes. pranked by yet again lololol 
insta1631 photobombed by a manatee you gotta be kiddin me 
insta1632 watch me on comedy central tonight with these two crazies... i'll be on at midnight! on a show called "at midnight!" how convenient! also i :red_heart: 
insta1633 a hunter in the wild... :smirking_face::tropical_fish: no really though haha today i scoured the deep blue sea with spear fishing for my dinner --- the lion fish. it's an invasive species that eat the good fish that keep the reef healthy. assholes! don't worry, i handled it. i gotta say, it's a dope experience working with to save the ocean & watch my food go from boat to plate. super fresh and super delicious! also i feel like a full savage swimming with this giant trident :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1634 birthday weekend was a success :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone::party_popper: 
insta1635 i wish you could have seen the look of the host when i took the roman candle off the cake and put it in my mouth :face_with_tears_of_joy: shouts for making my 21st special! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta1636 you know when your mom says don't make that face because it will get stuck like that yeah that's what happened here big thanks & :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1637 i was born 21 years ago, today 
insta1638 ayyyy! excited to be on tv again :winking_face_with_tongue: my first episode on the (previously known as abc family) show airs april 5! (:camera: by 
insta1639 when you accidentally like her photo from 52 weeks ago :neutral_face: caption by: 
insta1640 been waiting to tell y'all this for some time now... my little brother jake booked a lead role on the new show "bizaardvark!!!" what?! my little bro is now a series regular disney star?!?! just a year and a half ago we moved to la and i'm so excited to be living this incredible journey with you & making the transition from social to "mainstream" media... congratulations man, love you. p.s. keep an eye out for episode 8, big bro might make a guest appearance :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta1641 stopped by today, found out my movie has been picture locked! so excited for you guys to see it this summer :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1642 i would've gotten higher but i had a 3,000 calorie breakfast :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1643 virtual reality rollercoasters! dude i can't believe this is what the future's gonna look like... so pumped to be experiencing it with at the unpacked event here in spain 
insta1644 liooooooooon! haha having the best time in spain partnering with to give you guys an exclusive look at their unpacked event tomorrow! - add me on snapchat to follow the madness: loganpaul 
insta1645 happy valentine's day to my one true bae, :baby_chick::face_blowing_a_kiss: (p.s. congrats on hitting 100k but stop chewing up the damn floorboards) 
insta1646 my teachers always said that i'm a special kind of special :upside-down_face: (w/ :camera: by: 
insta1647 don't forget to smile today! :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1648 ya boy scored the cover of :winking_face: recently i've come to the realization that my life is a whirlwind of "i don't know wtf is going on, but i'm just gonna go ahead and live." by this i mean... i'm a kid from a small suburb outside of cleveland, ohio. never in my life would i have expected to make the cover of one of the biggest print advertising magazines in the world or star in a feature film or write and create my own feature film (details coming soon :winking_face:)... or, my favorite, build an audience, a fanbase, a squad of 22m+ people across all my social networks. now, i'm not saying this cover is the end-all-be-all, but i could not have done this without all of your support and love these past two years. all of you. this is a nice rung in the ladder and i'm super incredibly unbelievably fortunate that you guys want to climb it with me :) what i'm trying to say is... throughout all the madness, i stopped trying to comprehend it and decided to go back to the basics - stay humble, stay crazy, and most importantly: stay driven. okay. i'm done. back to entertaining. the link to the article is in my bio, and the amazing pics were shot by . thank you & love you guys 
insta1649 welcome to my office :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1650 deuces 
insta1651 here's a pic of me from the 7th grade. you will notice two things: 1.) i was a savage 2.) i was a savage 
insta1652 but im not a model no srsly 
insta1653 my brother and i are more fabulous than you and your brother (tag your brother :smiling_face_with_sunglasses:) 
insta1654 te amo brazil! 
insta1655 she said her hand was cold 
insta1656 you won't like him when he's angry... 
insta1657 my morning ritual... who wants eggs? :cooking: (tag 2 friends) :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta1658 we finished shooting so what better way to celebrate than disney land & best friends?! 
insta1659 they're saying it's the biggest premiere in hollywood history... what?! :film_projector::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: go download & check me out on to follow the awesomeness live! 
insta1660 ... year 2039. if you score in the lowest 5% on a test, you get killed off. woah. 
insta1662 got to dress up as a gladiator today and get captured for a virtual reality machine :crossed_swords::shield::flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1663 currently shooting my movie about population control in year 2039... it's so badass, can't wait for y'all to watch it next year :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: by 
insta1664 not gonna lie i used photoshop to remove a freckle off the tip of my nose 
insta1665 so today is pretty awesome: i'm traveling from arizona to california in a helicopter and a bunch of exotic cars & giving away a free year's worth of clothing at 6 different locations :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: happy thanksgiving! 
insta1666 thanksgiving: a day of family, friends, food, and using pumpkin pie to watch football hahaha... packers vs. bears, live on now 
insta1667 meet blake redding - the year is 2039 and the world's resources are severely depleted. in order to combat overpopulation, the usa issues a standardized test to students in every grade. the lowest scoring 10th percentile gets killed off. dun dun dun... the logline for this incredible film. first day on set of ! 
insta1668 been waiting four months to announce this :winking_face: pumped to start shooting "the thinning" with 
insta1669 want to win tickets to the iheart/jingle ball concert!? play jingle moji quiz at www.whynotwednesday.com/jinglemoji and see how good you are at reading emojis :winking_face_with_tongue: hopefully better than me haha 
insta1670 when you see your ex in public :middle_finger_light_skin_tone::middle_finger_light_skin_tone: 
insta1671 bruh. does it get much better than this? enjoying the goods on the app :) go download it, sign up for dd perks, and enter promo code logan to get a free beverage link in bio :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1672 the duo 
insta1673 can't jump to save her life 
insta1674 coming for you :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1675 my fam about to drop the hottest mix tape of the year :fire::fire::fire: 
insta1676 i know this looks bad but trust me, tastes better microwaved... i'm expecting a call from peta in the morning 
insta1677 lol i could pass as a vampire... (photo by 
insta1678 shit got weird with & 
insta1679 told my mom i felt a little sick. she sent me this picture and said "you're not too old for me to send a get well kiss" ma you're the best :) 
insta1680 tf you pointing at 
insta1681 not my car 
insta1682 this man has created a 7 foot tall oil painting of my number 1 homie, absolutely amazing piece of art, thanks so much loves it 
insta1683 number 10! with your help, i'm going to make this happen. i promise. 2016 is going to be a big year :winking_face: (thanks !!!) 
insta1684 zombie logan :skull: (photo by 
insta1685 stop coming around my damn house 
insta1686 when people ask me for directions (shot by 
insta1687 cheezin! (shot by 
insta1688 been feeling really fortunate lately and it's all because of you guys. thank you all so incredibly much! big things to come, so be ready ;) (shot by 
insta1689 i got the power (photo by 
insta1690 lawlz that doesn't belong there (photo by tag 3 friends :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta1691 that damn string ruined this picture 
insta1692 and i are wondering why is posting so many deletes on her page :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta1693 stay fabulous my friends 
insta1694 squaaaaa 
insta1695 tag your bestie or your worstie or both 
insta1696 hashtag fabulous 
insta1697 tf 
insta1698 because i love you guys, i'm giving away three sacs! just tag 2 friends and go to my twitter to win! (link in bio) ps they're like $1600 each :winking_face: 
insta1699 on my way to steal your grill yes i meant grill im going to make you burgers 
insta1700 to do: dishes hair ur mom 
insta1701 idk 
insta1702 throwin it back so far that i may have been a girl at one point (tag your besties :smiling_face_with_sunglasses:) 
insta1703 i've been debating on posting this pic for so long because i didn't know if the internet was ready, but i've decided that today... it's time. (tag 5 friends :winking_face_with_tongue:) 
insta1704 go check out the new vine! :winking_face_with_tongue: "wrong choice" ... that tho" 
insta1705 welcome to the future... (tag 3 friends :winking_face_with_tongue:) 
insta1706 defy gravity 
insta1707 you know how people say "i can explain" yeah well i can't explain (tag 2 friends :children_crossing:) 
insta1708 when your friends ditch you in the streets of france and you have to set up the camera on a 10 second timer to take a mediocre picture that makes you look like a lonely tourist hashtag relatable amirite (photo by 
insta1709 i thought the flowers were cool (photo by 
insta1710 what if i took a daytime journey up the coast of southern california? yeah well i did that today with these two crazies and 
insta1711 :France::OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1712 focus 
insta1713 boom headshot 
insta1714 when ya thrust game too strong 
insta1715 when bae catches you slippin... (:camera: by 
insta1716 american muscle :United_States::flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1717 when you callin to the gods but also still want to be fabulous af 
insta1718 when you're thinking "damn this instagram pic is about to be fire" 
insta1719 stars, stripes, short shorts and 'murica ... happy memorial day :United_States: 
insta1720 a damaged lad 
insta1721 hobo paul ... (by 
insta1722 part logan // part hulk // part tool 
insta1723 why so serious? (by 
insta1724 talk 2 my gurl, this how i knock u out (photo by 
insta1725 to when i used to be sexy 
insta1726 vine headquarters! 
insta1727 yes, my first selfie as a 20 year old was taken in the bathroom of an airplane. 
insta1728 housewarming party :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta1729 i can tell you in confidence that this lady had a very worried look on her face 
insta1730 the inner tube was too low 
insta1731 when ur mom calls u by your full name :grimacing_face: (photo by: 
insta1732 hobo paul (:camera: by 
insta1733 tese r my ppl 
insta1734 i'm definitely way too flexible for a dude but yolo amirite 
insta1735 distracted by the booty (:camera: by 
insta1737 i didn't actually take the mirror pic so it's not thaaaaaaaaaat douchey right? 
insta1738 we'll take you to the candy shop... 
insta1739 sums up last night 
insta1740 out of the 20 access cameras at the movie awards, which one do i look the sexiest from? (p.s. the answer is none of them) 
insta1741 my outfit is the emergency 
insta1742 when i picked up my life and moved it across the country to pursue entertainment in los angeles :person_blond_hair: 
insta1743 i'm selfish 
insta1744 you know when you have that stare when you don't really know what you're looking at but you're obviously transfixed on something? yeah well that's what was happening here i think 
insta1745 i want u 
insta1746 logan vs. jake (:camera: by 
insta1747 last selfie as a teenager :birthday_cake::party_popper: (i turn 20 tomorrow) 
insta1748 when bae leaves you 
insta1749 is this a good pic? hahhahhh do you get it oh my gosh so funny & also we are on the way to ohio 
insta1750 gonna be a dope music video 
insta1751 hope i don't fall photo: 
insta1752 headed to the moon with 
insta1753 the beat is definitely being fed :winking_face_with_tongue: i somehow convinced to let me take over their snapchat account, come get rowdy: "tacobell" on snapchat 
insta1754 killin' it at the hype hotel with :musical_notes: peep snapchat story to see the madness: "tacobell" 
insta1755 i hav dis elephant :elephant: (:camera: by 
insta1756 the last selfie ... (:camera: 
insta1757 for the first time in yet another year, i've finally changed my profile picture... what do you guys think?!?! :person_blond_hair: (photo by: 
insta1758 a man and his car... 
insta1759 when you're angry but still fabulous af 
insta1760 ayooooo just threw up a vine with this guy! check it out! 
insta1761 when your teacher assigns weekend homework 
insta1762 law & order svu was incredible! big thanks to everyone who watched, i promise i'm not that evil :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta1763 tonight at 9/8c on nbc! please don't hate me after you watch this :grimacing_face: 
insta1764 haf u evr been held by ? w/ 
insta1765 new vine prank with my giant pet gorilla go watch 
insta1766 i had to :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1767 shreddin' bruh 
insta1768 this is what freedom looks like :United_States: 
insta1769 making magic in a tiger onesie 
insta1770 this kid has been a swag machine for the past 18 years and i don't see that changing anytime soon... happy birthday little brother! i love you! 
insta1771 you have the right to remain sassy 
insta1772 apparently the incredibles were based off my life 
insta1773 my mind told me no. but my body told me yes. 
insta1774 too much 'murica? 
insta1775 thanks to everyone who entered the contest! after reviewing all the videos, we have finally chosen a winner! check out page to see if you’re the winner! 
insta1776 this was our christmas card 
insta1777 the alpacalypse is coming. 
insta1778 it's cool until you see the bunny ears 
insta1779 how i convinced three grown men to wear a shirt with my face on it is beyond me 
insta1780 brother 
insta1781 giving this baby away to the first 70,000 people who like this picture 
insta1782 mario & luigi bros (go watch the new vine :winking_face_with_tongue:) shot by: 
insta1783 time for a nap 
insta1784 no filter 
insta1785 beach 
insta1787 i'm green, ba da di da da da 
insta1788 you guys helped me choose my 5 gum truth or dare challenge and i did it! it was terrifying :face_with_crossed-out_eyes: watch the full video on my youtube channel (link in bio) 
insta1789 sunsets 
insta1790 want to win some sick headphones?! enter the contest at http://bit.ly/cordfail 
insta1791 just me and my brother shredding some massive swells 
insta1792 dared me to do something i've always been afraid on the 5 gum truth or dare challenge, and you are gonna help me choose what i do! here are the options 1.) bootcamp while getting pelted with paintballs 2.) read shakespeare while laying in a tub of snakes 3.) survive a night in a haunted hotel ... go vote on my snapchat: loganpaul 
insta1793 12:30am - walk to gym, spray self with water, put weights on floor, take mirror selfie, leave gym & go watch netflix 
insta1794 giving away 50 pairs of e40bt headphones! just enter the contest at http://bit.ly/cordfail 
insta1795 new haircut! what do you guys think?! 
insta1796 hahaha 5 gum called me out on twitter to do a ... y'all ready for this? 
insta1797 la living :palm_tree: 
insta1798 i went surfing with a dog 
insta1799 rainbow man: coming soon to theaters near you :rainbow: 
insta1800 there are so many things right with this picture 
insta1801 deuces 
insta1802 hey everyone! and i are making a map of the world on our snapchat stories (add me: loganpaul) :globe_showing_Americas: take an awesome picture of where you're from and post to twitter/instagram with the hashtag ... gonna repost our favs for everyone to see! 
insta1803 real thugs only use golden port-a-potties :pile_of_poo::money_bag: 
insta1804 life is better at 14,000 feet high ... thanks to gillette for having me covered even without climbing gear :winking_face_with_tongue: check out this friday's episode of gillette's for more moments! 
insta1805 when life hands you lemons, put on a fedora, steal two puppies, and force your model friend to do a photoshoot with you (shot by 
insta1806 make sure you say "fabuloussss" when you look at this pic ... w/ (shot by 
insta1807 hiking colorado was amazing 
insta1808 it was too sunny to open my eyes but just pretend i'm smiling or something idk 
insta1809 haf u evr ben held by ? 
insta1810 that tree branch wasn't really in my way i just pushed it over because i thought it would look cool idk 
insta1811 searching for bae 
insta1812 handstand 
insta1813 you can't see me 
insta1814 senior pic? 
insta1815 mustache i mustache you to leave soon ... thanks for da t-shirt hook-up!) 
insta1816 it was bound to happen ... (shouts to for the gear!) :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1817 i have a face here is a picture of it 
insta1818 relaxing evening yesterday 
insta1819 chopsticks r hard 
insta1820 shoot for the moon ... even if you miss, you'll land among the stars 
insta1821 vibes 
insta1822 killing it ever since the first time i waited for the bus 
insta1823 conquering the beast 
insta1824 this is my happy place ... show me where your happy place is using and i'm going to like and comment on my favorite pics! 
insta1825 do you even blob? big thanks to my dude for inviting me to be in his new youtube video! go watch the epicness at youtube.com/devinsupertramp 
insta1826 i spent 20 minutes looking for a "cheese" emoji but i couldn't find one so this caption will just have to do 
insta1827 crew 
insta1828 along with & this is a dangerously awesome team. who do dumb things. 
insta1829 usher showed up to the meet up ... it was a real big surprise ;) 
insta1830 talk birdy to meh :baby_chick: (tag 5 friends who talk to their pets like they understand :person_blond_hair::winking_face_with_tongue:) 
insta1831 it took me three hours to air brush these abs on, but it was sooooooo worth it 
insta1832 team paul don't lose 
insta1833 despite the fact that i'm a man, i look pretty hot in this wedding dress :face_with_tears_of_joy: thanks to & for the dares and to hanes x-temp for an epic summer! 
insta1834 new vine :red_heart::birthday_cake: 
insta1835 123 
insta1836 solace 
insta1837 needless to say, i was prepared for the premiere of yesterday :person_blond_hair::face_with_tears_of_joy: ... def checking it out this weekend! thank you for the storm gear! 
insta1838 got totally medieval at the bristol renaissance faire! (hanes x-temp kept things comfy under that armor.) thanks to and for the dares! 
insta1839 love is in the air, so hanes x-temp and i are going to the comment below with a dare and i might vine it! 
insta1840 brother 
insta1841 this picture will get a lot of likes because i'm dressed like a cowboy and everyone knows that chicks love cowboys 
insta1842 it looks like i'm walking but really i was standing still in this pic lol got you 
insta1843 yeehaw! had an epic trip to it’s sweaty work being a cowboy, but hanes x-temp kept me dry. next stop: bristol renaissance faire! (thanks and for the dares!) 
insta1844 art thou ready to see me stay cool in hanes x-temp at the bristol renaissance faire?! comment below with a dare & i might vine it! 
insta1845 sucks if we fall 
insta1846 chasing the summer sun and cliff jumping at an abandoned dam! life is awesome :person_blond_hair: show me your summer pics using & i'll like my favs ... pumped to team up with for this! 
insta1847 i rode a bull. for a vine. go watch it. 
insta1848 bæ4evr 
insta1849 raise camera, point lens down, expose mediocre abs, take picture. nice. 
insta1850 sometimes in life, you just gotta sit back and ask the little asian lady walking by to take a picture of you 
insta1851 it's part 2! going to cheyenne frontier days to see if hanes x-temp can keep me cool. comment below with a dare & i might vine it! 
insta1852 another day in the "office" :person_blond_hair: 
insta1853 had a great time at running of the bulls in nola (go check out the vine)! thanks to hanes x-temp for keeping me cool and to for the awesome dare. next stop: cheyenne frontier days! 
insta1854 guys this is really awkward but i died earlier 
insta1855 i'll be running with the bulls in nola to test the cooling technology of hanes x-temp:registered:. comment with a dare and i just might vine it! olé! 
insta1856 sunsets 
insta1857 date me 
insta1858 captain paulmerica. happy fourth :person_blond_hair::United_States: 
insta1859 filmed first youtube video yesterday with ... subscribe to my channel so you're notified when it's up (link in bio)! :person_blond_hair: 
insta1860 ready to begin my youtube career ... w/ 
insta1861 its scary out there ... throw a follow for more pics of mine from vidcon! 
insta1862 we r on da left ... taking over ig for vidcon, go check it out! 
insta1864 i'm not old enough to gamble let alone be in the casino so i figured i'd take a pic of me walking out 
insta1865 add me on snapchat bc i'm a peacock: loganpaul 
insta1866 loqüan the photographer ... give the new vine a like and revine! 
insta1867 juan direction!!! (just posted this vine, go give it some love):face_with_tears_of_joy::person_blond_hair::thumbs_up: ... "juan direction's passionate and cultural music is the spearhead of today's youth generation. music about mexican food, specifically the burrito, is captivating audiences worldwide." - ny times 
insta1868 coastin' w/ (photo by 
insta1869 making big moves like i'm excited for his new show on a&e, june 11th at 1030/930c! 
insta1870 handstand 
insta1871 moving my life across the country ... colorado was incredible 
insta1872 owning this weekend! how are you owning this weekend?! use the hashtag and show me! follow me over on for more pics from my weekend! 
insta1873 after 11 months, i finally took a new profile picture... stuck with the america theme bc 'murica :person_blond_hair::United_States: (photo credit to my boy 
insta1874 paul bros meet & greet 
insta1875 come see us this saturday at 1pm in the food court at southpark mall in strongsville, oh 
insta1876 big s/o to my fans who make stuff for me, i absolutely love it! if you create something for me make sure to tag me so i can see it and give you credit! you guys are awesome! :person_blond_hair: 
insta1877 don't know why is giving me the finger pistol 
insta1878 do they even sing? 
insta1879 red carpet 
insta1880 reasons why i should never again try to look sexy: 1.) i'm not sexy 2.) there's a dime piece right behind me 
insta1881 tese r my ppl 
insta1882 "creative title about friends here" 
insta1883 someone is dying out there but i decided to take an instagram pic 
insta1884 gum 
insta1885 i went to the beach and got my head stuck inside a cannon 
insta1886 so happy i got to spend mother's day with my beautiful mother! incredibly thankful that she is a part of my life. i love you mom :person_blond_hair::red_heart: 
insta1887 i look serious but really i have the mind of a two year old 
insta1888 brother 
insta1889 reunited with the bae 
insta1891 shooting ... (photo credit to 
insta1892 bloomberg selfie 
insta1893 so we posed for pictures in a psychology experiment today 
insta1894 i am the flash. new vine is up! :high_voltage: 
insta1895 stoopid yet fabulouz 
insta1896 mtv movie awards 
insta1897 mansion party 
insta1898 have you seen a happier family? 
insta1899 where am i headed? 
insta1900 the world's worst picture = mirror pic + duck face 
insta1901 brah 
insta1902 social media awards 
insta1903 hanging in the sun 
insta1904 with 
insta1905 the cru 
insta1906 can't decide which incredibles character i should play when they make the movie! 
insta1907 once a thug always a thug that sandwich stood no chance 
insta1909 the most photogenic goat i have ever seen. i will make this goat famous one day. photo credit to 
insta1910 hey hair, watcha doin today? 
insta1911 snapchats and tattoos :winking_face: add me: loganpaul ... (by 
insta1912 just posted a new vine! "world's worst cowboy" ... go give it some love! :person_blond_hair: 
insta1913 selfie bc 
insta1914 hahahahahaha i told you this was my emoji! 
insta1915 who's that pokémon?! 
insta1916 so i sent this snapchat to people and got exposed to the world ... add me on snapchat: loganpaul 
insta1917 and i with our bodyguard 
insta1918 boom headshot! 
insta1919 watch me destroy this tree in my newest vine :deciduous_tree::face_with_crossed-out_eyes: 
insta1920 brothers r us (thanks to at for the gear ) :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta1921 new vine involving a speed machine! go check it out :winking_face: ... with 
insta1922 wut 
insta1923 the most epic limousine ride ever w/ 
insta1924 with and "hugh" 
insta1926 what if that roller coaster flies into the water? :face_screaming_in_fear: (with 
insta1927 everyone's outside because the weather is finally nice, and i'm just walking to class like ... 
insta1928 do you recognize this painting? (hint: 
insta1929 do you have peacocks in your backyard? 
insta1930 why is uncle jessie on my back 
insta1931 with nerdy curt 
insta1932 "insert cliché saying about being on top the the world" 
insta1933 lunch at snapchat hq! (w/ my boy snapchat me: loganpaul 
insta1934 did i take this with two hands or is it a reflection of one? 
insta1935 at the mansion! snapchat us: loganpaul ... (w/ 
insta1936 i see you 
insta1937 controlling your mind with these sunglasses 
insta1938 hanging out with is great! :unamused_face: 
insta1939 two things happen at waffle house: epiphanies and great waffles 
insta1940 what you lookin at 
insta1941 this shirt says "i'm reckless, but i also like spongebob" ... s/o to for the gear! 
insta1942 bc 
insta1943 my mcm :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta1944 we'll do your taxes then steal yo girl 
insta1945 just two roommates tryna get the foreign one an american driver's license ... with missing 
insta1946 happy valentine's :growing_heart::person_blond_hair: 
insta1947 wuhhhhh? 
insta1948 only likes me when i'm shirtless 
insta1949 a fan drew this picture for me and it's awesome! 
insta1950 how you know is a true king 
insta1951 call me 
insta1952 starting to think this hair gel wasn't a good thing to play around with 
insta1953 hey mom with this sweater i'm gonna do great in school put me in coach i'm ready 
insta1954 throwback thursday to that one red carpet thing i did that one time 
insta1955 (eyebrow girl) is stronger than i thought 
insta1956 goodbye cali :'( 
insta1957 snapchat me: loganpaul :person_blond_hair: ... currently at snapchat headquarters! 
insta1958 but that reach tho 
insta1959 when you take a selfie with two people it's twice as cool 
insta1960 do you? 
insta1961 do you recognize these two ferns? i decided to sit between them 
insta1962 idk 
insta1963 selfie of a selfie 
insta1964 that carpet got me stunned 
insta1965 i'll smile next pic ;) 
insta1966 locked out of house trying to get to let me in 
insta1968 omg we are in the cash cab! 
insta1969 can't say i was surprised 
insta1970 minus the teddy bear = thugs 
insta1971 come hang with us today! and i will be at 58th and 5th (in nyc) at 3:00p :red_apple: :person_blond_hair: 
insta1972 selfies in the airport bc 
insta1973 exposed 
insta1974 morning eyes 
insta1975 happy birthday to my bro !!! let's get him to one million followers on vine for a gift ;) everyone go follow him! 
insta1976 i'm in ya face 
insta1977 locked out and the selfie game is stronger than ever 
insta1978 showers won't stop me from watching the playoffs (yes, i shower with my clothes on :winking_face_with_tongue:) ... share your playoff pics on ig using and i'll repost the most epic ones! 
insta1979 gettin' pumped while watching the game ... in my igloo! :snowflake::snowman_without_snow: you watching the playoffs? share a pic on instagram with and i'll comment on my favorites! 
insta1980 shopping for a new door :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta1981 always supporting me and by my side, even on the football field ... always has my back you're a pal 
insta1982 hi there 
insta1983 shady? nahhh, it's just a dummy :winking_face: go check out the new vine and i made! 
insta1984 ice 
insta1985 it wasn't until i took a picture of with the flash on when i realized he's actually miley cyrus ... go follow my parrot's new account! 
insta1986 that yawn tho! surgery went really well, i'll be uploading the vine later today :OK_hand: 
insta1987 fun time with my buddy ... sad to be going home :weary_face: we made some awesome videos for you guys though :winking_face: 
insta1988 thuggin 
insta1989 im in paaaaaiinnn 
insta1990 you're damn right you do 
insta1991 paul boys ... and 
insta1992 speed racer :oncoming_automobile: 
insta1993 go check out dem_paul_bros! 
insta1994 most people don't know that i'm actually jamaican 
insta1995 brother 
insta1996 kanye concert last night with the boys 
insta1997 breakfast with the birdy 
insta1998 aftermath of supermarket swimmer :person_swimming: ... go check it out on vine! 
insta1999 no, eye see you 
insta2000 all in a day's work 
insta2001 2 million followers ... wow. vine is truly one of the most amazing things that i've gotten to be a part of and i've loved every minute of the past five months. if i'm able to put a smile on your face in 6 seconds, i've done my job :d thank you all so much for your support, it seriously means the world to me. 3 million here i come! 
insta2002 aw man i ran out of toothpaste do you see it? 
insta2003 he wasn't ready 
insta2004 follow me on twitter so you can see the weirdness that goes on in my brain 
insta2005 a fan made this for me yesterday and i think it's hilarious :person_blond_hair::face_with_tears_of_joy::OK_hand: 
insta2006 go check out the vine today with mah birdy 
insta2007 college boy 
insta2008 that little thing above the mercedez is me ... go check it out on vine ;) 
insta2009 the "i don't want to go back to college because i love my brother so much" face 
insta2010 my bb 
insta2011 yes, the taser vine was real and i'm fine. just a little salty that we had to do two takes :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta2012 bros 
insta2013 scars from today's vine ... don't dive into ice. go check it out! 
insta2014 last family pic i promise :d 
insta2015 home sweet home with my mama 
insta2016 on my way home for the first time since i've entered that "college" thing ... so excited 
insta2017 the bundled-up thug 
insta2018 glued my eyes open so i wouldn't fall asleep today 
insta2019 been killin it since day 1 
insta2020 had an awesome time with this girl ... get ready for some vines :d 
insta2021 me and my buddy alex being goofy pt. 2 
insta2022 math 4 lunch 
insta2023 mr. university!!! thanks to all who came! we raised a lot of money for the ronald mcdonald house. i can safely say that was my first pageant ever. call me honey boo boo 
insta2024 rockin pajamas to class because i can 
insta2025 both jeff (my manager) and i were not ready for this picture ... even though i took it ... 
insta2026 goodbye nyc :') i'll be back 
insta2027 directing terry crews in the today show orange room 
insta2028 breakfast in the city ... 
insta2029 it's like vineception! 
insta2030 the today show orange room? 
insta2031 today show ready 
insta2032 landed in new york on this teeny tiny plane 
insta2033 bored while waitin for da haircut 
insta2034 today's vine ... don't ever try to scare me 
insta2035 a compilation of my vines went viral on youtube ... check out that channel and subscribe to itskis: theofficialloganpaul ... featured on reddit, buzzfeed, gawker, bro bible and more ... amazing stuff. 
insta2036 i want to explain but i can't 
insta2037 do i need muscles to wear this? 
insta2038 nonchalant 
insta2039 i'm just tryna get man crushed tomorrow 
insta2040 this is me doing homework 
insta2041 you don't say?! 
insta2042 my school > your school 
insta2043 just asking for trouble... go check out today's vine! 
insta2044 killin it in the engineering building 
insta2045 jimmy neutron hair 
insta2046 and i decided to make carl's day after he asked us for 38 cents on the street. he was happy when my brother gave him one dollar. after he walked away, we decided that we didn't want to stop at just a dollar. he appreciates the little things, and i think everyone, including myself, could learn that from carl. some things are more important than money. 
insta2047 my walk every morning 
insta2048 lost in thought 
insta2049 new whip 
insta2050 new "college safari" vine with my brother ! go check it outizzle 
insta2051 hashtag twinning 
insta2052 bro 
insta2053 pain ... the word to describe today's vine 
insta2054 does this make us tools? with 
insta2055 morning lift with my lifetime bud 
insta2056 when i get a compliment 
insta2057 thumbs up! 
insta2058 i don't usually get like this, but i seriously miss this little guy so much 
insta2059 hahaha it's true!!! 
insta2060 can't believe i met tonight!!! 
insta2061 in the lab im a scientist ma 
insta2062 late nyte stretch 
insta2063 i am sidewayz 
insta2064 sunday study 
insta2065 awesome fan art :) 
insta2066 friday night and we are cooler than you because we stay in and study 
insta2067 i see an opportunity ;) 
insta2068 why doesn't want to take a pic with me 
insta2069 the "are you serious?" 
insta2070 :') 
insta2071 ou supervine ... soooo much fun! thanks to all who came! 
insta2072 thank you all so much. one million people. i'm at a loss for words :) this is amazing 
insta2073 in my last vine ... go watch it 
insta2074 i can be your hero baby ;) 
insta2075 i'm bananas! 
insta2076 college tarts 
insta2077 me and my buddy alex being goofy 
insta2078 selfie with a turtle 
insta2079 fresh cut 
insta2080 leggo pt. 3 and feeling fabulous 
insta2081 glasses swag 
insta2082 "world" 
insta2083 late night stretch 
insta2084 so college 
insta2085 botox eyes 
insta2086 tuesday afternoon pretzel 
insta2087 reunited and it feels so good! 
insta2088 pre-flight scout-out in case the plane crashes and we have to build an army 
insta2089 bored at the airport 
insta2090 the beautiful city of ny, times square 
insta2091 ny! 
insta2092 after last vine 
insta2093 this is me loving life 
insta2094 ifunny!! 
insta2095 life is good 
insta2097 road trip w/ new hamp hur we come 
insta2098 meh birdy 
insta2099 solid day in michigan w/ my dude evan (dwarf mamba) 
insta2100 8 mile 
insta2101 greatvine was a blast! 
insta2102 cleveland greatvine 
insta2103 tomorrow edgewater park, 2 pm!!! 
insta2104 i’m giving away free mirror, wipes and headbands on kylieskin.com today for valentine’s day :two_hearts: 
insta2105 happy valentine’s day!! :kiss_mark: we are celebrating today on kyliecosmetics.com with a sale! 2 for $20 lip singles! plus, 3 new high glosses! enjoy :heart_suit: 
insta2106 someone said there was a vday party:heart_suit::heart_suit::heart_suit: 
insta2107 yes to the 
insta2108 after party :heart_suit: 
insta2109 couldn’t really sit in this but it was worth it :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta2110 the most beautiful baby shower for the most beautiful pregnant woman inside & out! :brown_heart: 
insta2111 playboy outtakes :dove::cloud: 
insta2112 hey vegas :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: new vending machine alert :police_car_light: :two_hearts: wanted to join! make sure you stop by :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta2113 tb with my angel :baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone::baby_angel_light_skin_tone: 
insta2114 just another day at the office with ..:two_hearts: 
insta2115 hi new cover 
insta2116 :smiling_face: 
insta2117 such a blessing to be able to create these magical experiences for my baby. stormiworld!!!! :high_voltage::globe_showing_Americas: thank you god. 
insta2118 favorite day of the year :cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: 
insta2119 :high_voltage::white_heart: 
insta2120 the stormi collection launches in 30 minutes only on kyliecosmetics.com :butterfly::purple_heart::high_voltage: 
insta2121 and just like that she’s two :high_voltage::high_voltage: happy birthday to my stormi. february 1st 4:43pm the moment my life changed forever. we were meant for each other stormiloo :two_hearts: 
insta2122 the stormi collection launches tomorrow at 9am pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :butterfly::cloud::high_voltage: 
insta2123 baby 
insta2124 :cloud::dove::heart_with_arrow::sparkles: 
insta2125 each day is a blessing with you :butterfly::cloud: thank you god for these moments. it was beautiful celebrating stormi x launching 2.1.20 :high_voltage: 
insta2126 at loss for words right now. praying for this beautiful family. 
insta2127 happy sunday :butterfly::cloud: the stormi collection launches in just 6 days! i can’t wait to celebrate with my baby today :high_voltage: 
insta2128 missing the heat :white_heart::sun_behind_small_cloud: 
insta2129 storm’s first disney trip :check_box_with_check::butterfly::high_voltage: 
insta2130 loved this look so much we had to make a filter :butterfly::purple_heart: how beautiful are these shadows from the stormi collection? save the filter from my stories or check out the tab under the page :high_voltage: i can’t wait for this collection to launch on february 1st! 
insta2131 the stormi collection launches 2.1.20 :butterfly::cloud: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2132 moms club 
insta2133 just posted a new video on my youtube w my sis :high_voltage: watch me do her makeup & answer some of your questions. :white_heart::sparkles: 
insta2134 my brand new lipstick kits launch tomorrow :heart_with_arrow: kyliecosmetics.com 9am pst 
insta2135 some photos & videos from yesterday’s reveal of the stormi collection :butterfly::purple_heart: ahhh i can’t wait till this launches on february 1st :sparkles: i made a highlight so you can rewatch the reveal whenever :cloud::high_voltage: 
insta2136 my love :purple_heart: stay tuned on my stories today for the reveal of the stormi collection launching february 1st :cloud::high_voltage: 
insta2137 :rainbow::cloud: 
insta2138 once upon a time two scorpios made a leo :fire::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2139 new lip alert :mouth: lipstick & liner in shade “girls trip” launching on the 22nd :white_heart: 
insta2140 my babies :white_heart: thank you for all your love and support on my skincare the goal was beautiful, clean and affordable products that actually work! we just restocked our sets and they are almost sold out wow. :sparkles: i can’t wait for all the exciting new things we have for 2020 kylieskin.com 
insta2141 :cupcake: 
insta2142 tangled :cloud: 
insta2143 girls night :black_heart: 
insta2144 :ring: 
insta2145 oh happy days :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta2146 love of my life :white_heart: 
insta2147 closet clean out :sparkles::sparkles: 
insta2148 throwback:pregnant_woman_light_skin_tone:pregnant with my baby girl. i can’t believe my daughter will be two soon..:black_heart: 
insta2149 couldn’t decide :growing_heart::purple_heart: 
insta2150 night out..:yellow_heart: 
insta2151 come through and chill :yellow_heart::blue_heart: 
insta2152 :yellow_heart: 
insta2153 yummy :lemon::yellow_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta2154 my team .. :black_heart: 
insta2155 my chairs match my sweater 
insta2156 when the tequila hits :face_with_tears_of_joy::party_popper::balloon::clinking_glasses: 
insta2157 coming soon.. :smiling_face::purple_heart::butterfly: 
insta2158 happy new years eve :black_heart:.. when you start to feel like things should have been better this year remember all the mountains and valleys that got you here.. :black_heart: there is more to you than yesterday. 2020 positive vibes only xx 
insta2159 we’re mad at each other rn but this pic looks good with my feed 
insta2160 just didn’t feel right going into 2020 without one last thirst trap:tired_face::black_heart::black_heart: pic by 
insta2161 leopard french :leopard: 
insta2162 :orange_heart::orange_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta2163 2020 energy:orange_heart::blue_heart: 
insta2164 :black_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta2165 merry christmas :wrapped_gift: 
insta2166 most wonderful time of the year :sparkles: thank you for the custom dresses. 
insta2167 christmas eve :Christmas_tree: 
insta2168 best day ever :growing_heart: 
insta2169 santa’s babies :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone::heart_suit: 
insta2170 :growing_heart: 
insta2171 peek a boo 
insta2172 my lil baby lowkey a flexerrrr 
insta2173 :growing_heart::lipstick::purse::sparkles: 
insta2174 set days .. :black_heart::camera_with_flash: 
insta2175 new monday, new week, new goals..:growing_heart: 
insta2177 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone::woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta2178 date night 
insta2179 last night :black_heart: 
insta2180 bossy baby 
insta2181 vibras :black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2182 madre mía rosalía 
insta2183 :black_heart: 
insta2184 locking down deals etc 
insta2185 cozy :growing_heart: 
insta2186 champagne and skittles anyone? 
insta2187 i just got these frozen 2 flying fairies :man_fairy_light_skin_tone: for stormi from check out worldtechtoys.com for the best gifts this holiday season! :wrapped_gift: 
insta2188 office days in my available now. 
insta2189 cutest travel buddy :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone::small_airplane: 
insta2190 rainy days make me happy. :cloud_with_rain: 
insta2191 girls night 
insta2192 ‘tis the season :black_heart: 
insta2193 i can’t handle this :tired_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::snowflake::snowboarder: 
insta2194 storm’s first snow trip :high_voltage::cloud_with_snow: 
insta2195 baby it’s cold outside 
insta2196 cheers :clinking_glasses: white or red wine? 
insta2197 elsa who? 
insta2198 :snowflake::rabbit_face: 
insta2199 took my bitch to the snow :snowman_without_snow: 
insta2200 you guys know i love reading your reviews! :two_hearts: makes me so happy to see how much you love these products! :growing_heart: 
insta2201 thankful 
insta2202 swipe for cuteness :smiling_face::baby_angel_medium_skin_tone::baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta2203 throwback bts of my holiday collection shoot :growing_heart: 
insta2204 congrats on :growing_heart: 
insta2205 u get the best of me 
insta2206 mood. caption this :eyes::eyes: 
insta2207 chill saturdays the office in .. love you guys 
insta2208 coolest girl i know :growing_heart: 
insta2209 brb .. hiding these in my vending machines :shushing_face: 
insta2210 just 5 minutes until my holiday collection launches on kyliecosmetics.com :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone: with free shipping until 3pm pst wednesday to celebrate! 
insta2211 3 more hours until my biggest collection of the year goes live on kyliecosmetics.com :heart_suit: we are celebrating by offering free shipping all day long! see u guys at 3pm pst! :kiss_mark::wrapped_gift: 
insta2212 pretty much created the most perfect holiday red lipstick :kiss_mark::heart_suit::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: my brand new lip kit naughty list launches tomorrow at 3pm pst along with the rest of the holiday ‘19 collection! see u there :kiss_mark: 
insta2213 naughty list on the lips :kiss_mark: 
insta2214 all i want for xmas is you :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone::heart_suit: my holiday ‘19 exclusive collection launches november 19th at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com! .. and to celebrate all domestic and international orders will get free shipping on that day only! see you there :kiss_mark: 
insta2215 finally revealing my holiday ‘19 collection right now on my stories :heart_suit::Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone: this exclusive collection launches nov.19th at 3pm only on kyliecosmetics.com! mark this off your xmas list & don’t be late :kiss_mark: 
insta2216 happy place. 
insta2217 this makes me so happy :smiling_face_with_hearts: i just launched my first ever vending machines at mccarran international airport in las vegas!! we are in terminal d by gate d17 and international terminal e by gate e9! :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta2218 we’re all restocked on kylieskin.com :face_savoring_food::two_hearts: has been getting so much love! just wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart! i get so so happy to see all the reviews. enjoy! 
insta2219 ..:black_heart: making memories with my besties. 
insta2220 made the naughty list this year..:heart_suit: my holiday collection is around the corner. who’s ready for the reveal? :Santa_Claus_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2221 mondays in 
insta2222 chill days in my 
insta2223 2 die 4 :palm_tree: 
insta2224 :woman_fairy_medium-light_skin_tone::woman_fairy_medium-light_skin_tone::blue_heart: 
insta2225 last night was magical :woman_fairy_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2226 5am birthday adventures with my two fav people:partying_face: 
insta2227 got gadgets & gizmos a-plenty ..:heart_suit::mermaid_light_skin_tone: 
insta2228 marilyn monroe :gem_stone::growing_heart: // 
insta2229 diamonds are a girls best friend... :growing_heart: cover 
insta2230 m a r i l y n :growing_heart: 
insta2231 found my flounder... :tropical_fish: 
insta2232 ariel grew up.. :heart_suit: 
insta2233 :rabbit_face::black_heart: 
insta2234 stas said i’m having a playboy party.. pull up :rabbit_face::black_heart: 
insta2235 my baby!!!!!!!! :purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart: i cant handle this!!!! 
insta2236 showering you with loooooooks :black_heart::black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: :shower: 
insta2237 meet the newest additions to the family :two_hearts: :sparkles: my hydrating lip mask and hydrating face mask launch this upcoming monday 10.28 at 9am pst on kylieskin.com :growing_heart: all the details in my stories! i’ll also be restocking the rest of the line! :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta2238 i have so many belly photos but this one has always been one of my favorites. baking my little baby storm was such a special time in my life.. i actually became so much stronger and independent throughout the entire experience. women really are amazing.. tag a strong woman in your life :beating_heart: 
insta2239 :black_heart: 
insta2240 happy birthday to my beautiful big sister. i’m so blessed to have you in my life!! your love, guidance, selflessness and loyalty are unmatched :heart_suit: i love you in this life and beyond!!! 
insta2241 getaway :growing_heart::sparkles::sun: 
insta2242 girls trip :beating_heart: 
insta2243 bbygirl 
insta2244 no caption needed 
insta2245 let the festivities begin :orange_heart: 
insta2246 can’t resist :black_heart: 
insta2247 meet my four new fall inspired shimmer eye glaze :black_heart::sparkles: i introduced this formula a few months ago and i am obsessed. it’s such an easy way to take your eye look to the next level. i’m launching these on the 18th on kyliecosmetics.com!! 
insta2248 real chill like a sunday :black_heart::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: 
insta2249 movie night :black_heart: what’s your favorite movie? 
insta2250 about a year ago with my baby :yellow_heart: where does the time go.. 
insta2251 hello monday :black_heart: 
insta2252 my fragrance collab with is launching in stores today! :kiss_mark: all 3 kylie jenner by kkw fragrance scents, nude, pink and red, are available in store for the first time! 
insta2253 just a brunette and a blonde with an unbreakable bond 
insta2254 all adidas 
insta2255 hi october.. :orange_heart: 
insta2256 :trophy: 
insta2260 :sparkles: 9.30.19 
insta2261 business meetings. 
insta2262 oh fall, i missed you :maple_leaf: 
insta2263 sunday :beating_heart: 
insta2264 :growing_heart::sparkles::eyes: 
insta2265 hubba bubba :ribbon: 
insta2266 a goodie :growing_heart::candy: 
insta2267 thank you for all the love on the kylie x balmain collection!! available right now on kyliecosmetics.com :sparkles::purple_heart: i’m wearing our eyeshadow palette and our lip kit in shade “paris”! 
insta2268 makeup but make it fashionn:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::purple_heart: how cool is this belt with our eyeshadows.. can’t wait for this collection to drop tomorrow at 8am pst on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2269 times square :exploding_head::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::purple_heart::purple_heart: 
insta2270 who’s ready for the kylie x balmain launch tomorrow? :growing_heart::sparkles: this is such a special collaboration to me because i’ve been a huge fan of for a long time :purple_heart: i’m wearing our eyeshadow palette together and our high gloss! see you guys at 8am pst :face_savoring_food: 
insta2271 kylie x balmain :growing_heart::growing_heart::sparkles: launching this friday 8am pst after the balmain paris show! stay tuned on my stories today for more! :sparkles: 
insta2272 kylie x balmain collection launches this friday the 27th at 8am pst :growing_heart: i’m wearing our eyeshadow palette, lip liner, and lip gloss :sparkles: it’s been a dream come true to collaborate with you i can’t wait for you guys to get your hands on this beautiful collection. 
insta2273 paris is always a good idea :France: surprise.. kylie x balmain collection launching this friday 9.27 on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2274 is available in all stores now! :two_hearts: tag in your pics and i’ll be posting some on my stories :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta2275 wild :yellow_heart::leopard: 
insta2276 balmain baby 
insta2277 ain’t a game, boy :video_game::black_heart::black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2278 :cloud::sparkles::dove: 
insta2279 angel energy :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: 
insta2280 me by for :heart_suit::heart_suit: see the full story on playboy.com. photography by 
insta2281 obsessed w 
insta2282 you guys ready for my restock tomorrow? i’m restocking the entire line up and launching my headbands from my launch party gift bags! 9am pst on kylieskin.com :two_hearts: 
insta2283 when houston meets la .. :yellow_heart: 
insta2284 who’s watching today?! thank you ellen for helping me make my birthday wishes come true.. can’t wait for you guys to see! 30 more minutes!!! 
insta2285 restock alert :police_car_light: i’m restocking my entire line on thursday, september 12 at 9am pst on kylieskin.com :two_hearts: 
insta2286 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2287 :black_heart: 
insta2288 the brown carpet :teddy_bear::roller_coaster: so proud of you look mom i can fly documentary out now on :heart_suit::sparkles: 
insta2289 i’ve been wearing kim’s fragrances forever so i’m so excited to have my own collab with :kiss_mark: when and i were creating the scents, i couldn’t pick a favorite from the nude, pink and red, so we launched them all! my 3 beautiful scents are available now at kkwfragrance.com 
insta2290 4l :heart_suit::heart_suit::heart_suit::heart_suit: 
insta2291 :chequered_flag::chequered_flag::chequered_flag: 
insta2292 the other night wearing x available now :growing_heart::sparkles: 
insta2293 french drip:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::sparkles: 
insta2294 i get so excited to wake up to this every morning :growing_heart: blessed af 
insta2295 rosé all day 
insta2296 don’t ever sleep on yourself :black_heart: 
insta2297 blueberries for breakfast 
insta2298 golden hour is my happy hour 
insta2299 keep moving forward :heart_suit::dizzy: 
insta2300 soo i did a collaboration with and i couldn’t be more excited, wow. i’ve fallen in love with my sisters fragrances and it’s all i’ve genuinely worn since i could remember! being able to create 3 of my own is a dream!! can’t wait for you guys to get your hands on these august 23rd :heart_suit: thank you kim 
insta2301 wanderlust :globe_showing_Asia-Australia: 
insta2302 :blue_heart::sparkles: 
insta2303 birthday collection :sparkles::growing_heart: 
insta2304 baby we should hit the south of france:sparkles: 
insta2305 hell of a life :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart::water_wave: 
insta2306 :baguette_bread::fork_and_knife: 
insta2307 sweetest love i’ve ever known :blue_heart: 
insta2308 amore mio :butterfly: 
insta2309 wow the 3 most beautiful scents are finally dropping!!! kylie jenner x kkw fragrance collab launches friday, august 23 at 12pm pst on kkwfragrance.com :growing_heart: 
insta2310 :motor_boat::heart_suit: 
insta2311 summer19:strawberry::cherries::watermelon: 
insta2312 :Italy: 
insta2313 this beautiful palette is available now :growing_heart::green_heart: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2314 blessed 
insta2315 a love without limits :sparkles: 
insta2316 perfect day in positano :baguette_bread: 
insta2317 22 :sunflower::growing_heart::sparkles::sparkles: 
insta2318 glam by using the birthday collection eyeshadow palette, new kyliner, & high gloss launching 8/10 9am pst!!!! see you there :money-mouth_face::money-mouth_face::green_heart::watermelon: 
insta2319 the birthday collection launch is around the corner :money-mouth_face::growing_heart: set your alarms we’re dropping it at 9am pst on august 10th! 
insta2320 :orange_heart::orange_heart::orange_heart: 
insta2321 my beautiful new birthday body glow launches 8/10 :sparkles: i like to use this all over my body but it also looks amazing as a highlighter for your face! it’s a must have :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::money_with_wings: 
insta2322 5 f*cking days till my bday & the launch on my bday collection :money-mouth_face::growing_heart: 8/10 
insta2323 happy sunday :black_heart::sparkles: 
insta2324 :black_heart: 
insta2325 the 4th annual birthday collection launches in just 1 week! 8/10. make sure you set your alarms! what makes these collections so special is they come and go. once it’s gone it’s gone :growing_heart::green_heart::money_with_wings: 
insta2326 new new :running_shoe::green_heart::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta2327 you’re so money baby :growing_heart::green_heart::money_with_wings: my brand new bday palette launches august 10th! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2328 the birthday collection launches 8/10 at 9am pst only on kyliecosmetics.com! thanks for all the love this collection was so much fun to create :zany_face::money_with_wings::growing_heart::green_heart: check out my stories to see a closer look! 
insta2329 can you guess the theme of my brand new birthday collection coming august 10th? :green_heart::growing_heart::money_with_wings: stay tuned on my insta stories for the reveal :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta2330 this girl... look at your daughter :tired_face::tired_face::tired_face::tired_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::loudly_crying_face::loudly_crying_face: she’s too cool for me now. is this the aquarius in her or the little rager? or both mmm i need answers lol 
insta2331 i see all your reviews daily!! i wish i could post them all. you don’t even understand how good it makes me feel to know so many of you are falling in love just like i did :growing_heart: thank you for the support and trust i promise i got you :winking_face: i teamed up with the best factory’s out to collaborate on magic for a good price. kylieskin.com :sparkles::butterfly: 
insta2332 sunday well spent :black_heart: 
insta2333 last night :black_heart::growing_heart: 
insta2334 we took our baby on an adventure yesterday :cowboy_hat_face::butterfly::yellow_heart::yellow_heart: ugh i love this little girl so much. not only do i think she‘s the cutest thing in the world.. she’s got the sweetest, smartest, most special little soul :yellow_heart::yellow_heart: p.s. the pat on the back at the end of the video gets me every time :tired_face: 
insta2335 available now :growing_heart: kylieskin.com 
insta2336 partners in crime 4 evaaa:growing_heart::sweat_droplets::butterfly::family_man_woman_girl: 
insta2337 pretty in pink :beating_heart: 
insta2338 what we really do in the restroom :zany_face::growing_heart::camera_with_flash: 
insta2339 obsessed with my coconut body scrub :coconut::growing_heart::sweat_droplets: new dropping on monday.. 
insta2340 two more days till my summer trio launches :growing_heart::sparkles: 7/22 
insta2341 team chanel :tennis::growing_heart: 
insta2342 :butterfly: 
insta2343 views 
insta2345 happy trails :sparkles::butterfly: 
insta2346 we meet again :princess_medium-light_skin_tone::princess_light_skin_tone: 
insta2347 :star::sparkles::sparkles::dizzy: 
insta2348 la vida es bella 
insta2349 let em wonder :crystal_ball: 
insta2350 good vibes only :palm_tree: 
insta2351 be you, do you, for you.. :dizzy: 
insta2352 vintage versace :sparkles: 
insta2353 morning :growing_heart: 4 more days till my brand new summer products launch :sparkles: 
insta2354 beach more worry less :yellow_heart: 
insta2355 :growing_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta2356 opposites attract :blue_heart::growing_heart: 
insta2357 summer b o d y collection is almost here :sparkles: july 22nd :butterfly: 
insta2358 new kylie inspired merch available now :growing_heart: talentless.co 
insta2359 drop 1 restocking july 22nd along with three new summer essential products :growing_heart: 
insta2360 a bikini kinda life :black_heart: 
insta2361 it’s almost where my leo’s at? 
insta2362 friends on film :film_frames: :black_heart: by 
insta2363 :mermaid_medium_skin_tone::butterfly::blue_heart: 
insta2364 2/3 of my beautiful new products launching on july 22nd :growing_heart::sparkles: 
insta2365 i’m proud of myself, my heart, and my strength. growing up in the light with a million eyes on you just isn’t normal. i’ve lost friends along the way and i’ve lost myself too sometimes. my first tattoo was “sanity” to remind myself everyday to keep it. i’ve struggled with anxiety my whole young adult life and after my baby i dealt with all the internal ups and downs. i felt like i had to find myself completely again. i keep a whole lot to myself but just wanted to share and let you know i’m human. my life is not perfect and what you see here on social media is just the surface. be gentle with yourself, move on, and let go. we are all capable of great things, worthy of love, and allowed to express ourselves. do more of what makes you happy and be unapologetic. now is your season :sparkles: we all have a magnificent destiny. 
insta2366 :movie_camera::black_heart: 
insta2367 saw you in my dreams again :cloud: 
insta2368 spritz me :clinking_glasses: 
insta2369 life with you.. :blossom: 
insta2370 summer lovin’ 
insta2371 a ray of fucking sunshine 
insta2372 beach you to it :water_wave: 
insta2373 sun essential :sun: sunscreen oil launches july 22nd 
insta2374 green & purple got me goin in circles 
insta2375 hakuna matata :hibiscus::musical_notes: 
insta2376 just another twin pic walkin through your feed.. :ring: 
insta2377 her vibe is pretty :butterfly::butterfly: 
insta2378 vacation mode 
insta2379 hello paradise :palm_tree: 
insta2380 let the adventures begin!! :cherry_blossom::palm_tree::growing_heart: 
insta2381 summer body :butterfly: 
insta2382 i’m so excited to reveal drop two for this time its all about body :growing_heart:.. coconut body lotion, coconut body scrub, & my broad spectrum spf 30 body oil :sparkles: these amazing products launch on july 22nd along with the restock of my first drop! 
insta2383 my under the sea is available now! :desert_island::mermaid: what are you picking up?! :sparkles: shop now link in bio or kyliecosmetics.com :growing_heart: 
insta2384 hi, my summer collection launches tomorrow :grinning_face_with_big_eyes::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta2385 freaky friday 
insta2386 beach bum nude lip may be my new go-to :smirking_face: deep sea dreams & aqua mama on the eyes all from the launching 7/10 
insta2387 obsessed with my new jewelry :gem_stone: 
insta2388 tonight in my brand new shimmer eye glaze from the summer collection :sparkles: shade aqua mama & deep sea dreams.. also beach bum on the lips :mouth: all launching on the 10th 
insta2389 my summer collection launches 7/10 :sun::fire: i’m wearing my new eyeshadow palette & beach bum lipstick :sparkles: 
insta2390 launches july 10th :sparkles::sparkles::yellow_heart::yellow_heart::desert_island: wearing my brand new eyeshadow palette & high gloss! 
insta2391 launches july 10th :sparkles::desert_island: i can’t wait :yellow_heart::yellow_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta2392 i never thought much about a mother’s love until i became one myself. there’s no words strong enough to tell you how much i love you and how blessed i am to have you in my life :heart_suit::black_heart: 
insta2393 :black_heart::black_heart::sparkles::sparkles: 
insta2394 i got it from my mama :black_heart: 
insta2395 brb building an empire :crown::crown: 
insta2396 here’s to strong women! may we know them, may we be them, may we raise them. :crown::black_heart: 
insta2397 harpers bazaar arabia cover with my favorite person :crown::crown: editor-in-chief: photography: 
insta2398 mi amor 
insta2399 spicy :hot_pepper: :hot_face: 
insta2400 my girl is getting so big .. :tired_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta2401 my real life bestie :women_with_bunny_ears: 
insta2402 mini me :black_heart: 
insta2403 blessed with the best :zany_face::star-struck: 
insta2404 shine baby:sparkles::sparkles::star: 
insta2405 khloé, no time or distance apart could ruin the bond we have. i feel so lucky to call you my sister. thank you for all the love, guidance, and laughter throughout the years.. my life truly wouldn’t be the same without you. i feel so blessed to take the journey of life together because there will just never be another you. happy birthday :balloon: :heart_suit: 
insta2406 :cloud:9 
insta2407 w/ tha vibessss :black_heart: 
insta2408 hello monday.. 
insta2409 sunday with my favorite little people :woman_fairy_medium_skin_tone::woman_fairy_medium_skin_tone::sparkles: 
insta2410 keep it simple :heart_suit: 
insta2411 fresh pair :money-mouth_face: i love the new 
insta2412 another day another episode of me minding my own business :grinning_face::clinking_glasses: 
insta2413 happy father’s day :black_heart: i love the love you share with our daughter. :black_heart::black_heart: thank you for all that you do.. today we celebrate you .. :black_heart: 
insta2414 the classics :sparkles: 
insta2415 mamas gotchu forever baby :heart_suit: 
insta2416 tie dye & toe rings :sparkles::two_hearts::yellow_heart::growing_heart::green_heart::blue_heart: 
insta2417 3 more days! koko kollection round 3 launches this friday june 14th at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :sparkles::growing_heart: 
insta2418 golf day with bae :woman_golfing_medium-light_skin_tone::woman_golfing_light_skin_tone: 
insta2419 out of office :yellow_heart::palm_tree: 
insta2420 :face_with_tongue::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::partying_face: 
insta2421 :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::party_popper: 
insta2422 mommyyyss:growing_heart::sparkles: 
insta2423 when the tequila hits :woman_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone::woman_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone::woman_shrugging_light_skin_tone::growing_heart: 
insta2424 it’s ya birthday it’s ya birthday bad bitch contest you in first place :1st_place_medal: :growing_heart::growing_heart::hundred_points::hundred_points::party_popper::party_popper: 
insta2425 happy birthday to the baddest :party_popper::party_popper::growing_heart: 9 years iater and you’re still a real one. i love you forever and always. :party_popper: 
insta2426 ulta news :police_car_light: bronzers, blushes, kylighters, kylie lip kit & select high gloss shades are launching in stores tomorrow!!!! shop some of my favorite products :growing_heart::party_popper: 
insta2427 :sparkles:koko kollection round 3 is here! i love working with my sisters it’s the biggest blessing ever ever ever!!! :yellow_heart: we created something fun for you guys launching next friday! june 14th come sooner! check out my stories to see the first look! 
insta2428 we sold out in 4 minutes this morning! what is life! thank you for putting your trust in me with i love love love these products and can’t wait for everyone who got one today to try. if you missed out we are restocking again on june 10th! :growing_heart: kylieskin.com 
insta2429 3 hours until my sets restock on kylieskin.com :growing_heart::party_popper: 9am pst 
insta2430 one more day till my sets restock on kylieskin.com :palm_tree::growing_heart: 
insta2431 the triplets :growing_heart: 
insta2432 :blue_heart: footwear out now. 
insta2433 :growing_heart:morning 
insta2434 apply pressure :blue_heart::woman_shrugging_light_skin_tone: 
insta2435 my malibu baby :palm_tree::growing_heart: 
insta2436 :fuel_pump: :growing_heart: 
insta2437 throwback to my shoot with my angel baby :growing_heart: can’t wait for the sets to restock on june 5th! 
insta2438 off guard but on point..:orange_heart::woman_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone: 
insta2439 escape the ordinary :orange_heart::fire::face_with_symbols_on_mouth::fox: 
insta2440 love these fan edits :hot_face::orange_heart: :camera_with_flash: 
insta2441 tb :black_heart: 
insta2442 restock alert :police_car_light: i have two restock dates for you guys to add to your calendar..june 5, sets are restocking! june 10, i’m restocking all 6 individual products: foaming face wash, toner, scrub, moisturizer, eye cream and serum! mark those calendars and set your alarms :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta2443 makeup by kylie :high_voltage::high_voltage: 
insta2444 date night :green_heart: 
insta2445 family over everything :growing_heart: don’t know what i’d do without these strong beautiful women in my life. 
insta2446 :growing_heart: thank you to everyone who came to support last night! 
insta2447 another magical kylie party brought to life by & team. thank you for always bringing my visions to life so beautifully. last night was so much fun! omg the best night with the best people. thank you god :growing_heart: so so blessed. 
insta2448 kylie skin has arrived!!!!!!!!! shop kylie skin now! kylieskin.com 
insta2449 3 more days .. :growing_heart: kylieskin.com 5/22 
insta2450 :black_heart::high_voltage: 
insta2451 remain calm :sparkles: 
insta2452 travel bags & makeup wipes also launching on 5/22 kylieskin.com :high_voltage::growing_heart: 
insta2453 getting ready :growing_heart::sparkles::high_voltage: i love going to the factory and seeing all my products being filled before a big launch :rocket: so satisfying! dropping on the 22nd!!!!! gotta make sure it’s perfection :sparkles: 
insta2454 :black_heart: 
insta2455 mom 
insta2457 the best thing i’ve ever done, my greatest role in this life 
insta2458 first drop :sweat_droplets: 6 products suitable for all skin types. foaming face wash, vanilla milk toner, walnut face scrub, moisturizer, eye cream, & vitamin c serum! watch my stories & follow for more info on these amazing products! :growing_heart: launching 5/22 
insta2459 kylie f*cking skin! wow. skincare and makeup go hand in hand and kylie skin was something i dreamt up soon after kylie cosmetics. i’ve been working on this for what feels like a lifetime so i can’t believe i’m finally announcing! building my makeup line from the ground up has taught me a lot and i’m so blessed with that knowledge to apply to my brand new company! birthing a whole new team, manufacturing, fulfillment etc separate from my cosmetics line was challenging but here we are! i got the best of the best for you guys! everything is cruelty free, vegan, gluten free, paraben and sulfate free and suitable for all skintypes. make sure you follow to stay updated. i’ll be revealing these amazing products very soon! the official launch date is 5/22! yay!! so much love went into this. it all starts with skin. stay tuned :two_hearts: can’t wait to share. kylieskin.com 
insta2460 :purple_heart: 
insta2461 sorry, not done posting :green_heart::butterfly::butterfly: 
insta2462 after party 
insta2463 if looks could kill baby 
insta2464 shout out to my beautiful glam goddesses 
insta2466 till death do us part :purple_heart::orange_heart::orange_heart: 
insta2468 don’t sweat it :black_heart::high_voltage::high_voltage: 
insta2469 2018:black_heart: 
insta2470 watching you evolve into the partner, friend, son, and father you are today has been so fulfilling :heart_suit: my real life bestie & hubby all wrapped into one. i love you and i’m so so proud of you. happy happy birthday :party_popper::wrapped_gift: let’s fuck around and have another baby. :zany_face: 
insta2471 the collection available right now :sparkles::butterfly::two_hearts::black_heart: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2472 kybrow kits :sparkles::two_hearts: includes a brow pencil & gel for $24! available now kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2473 swipe to open :sparkles: the entire kybrow collection launches this monday! check out my stories to see more xoxo 
insta2474 oh you didn’t catch iron flame and captain lip kit in the credits? sucks 4 you 
insta2475 happy end game everyone 
insta2476 always room for more heels :black_heart::sparkles: 
insta2477 brows baby:two_hearts::sparkles: the collection launches 4/29.. 
insta2478 good hair = good day 
insta2479 omggg mother’s day is coming up you know what that means :zany_face: kris jenner exclusive sets available now! love this shadow & lipstick duo :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::black_heart: 
insta2480 tell me a secret bae 
insta2481 a blessed easter :sparkles::dizzy: 
insta2482 :sparkles: 
insta2483 :black_heart: 
insta2484 throwback vacation vibes:collision: 
insta2485 happy hump day:zany_face: 
insta2486 shoutout to my momma:black_heart: 
insta2487 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta2488 new cover:black_heart::star: 
insta2489 :butterfly::sparkles::dizzy::ferris_wheel: 
insta2490 :star: 
insta2491 :two_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::butterfly::dizzy::star::sparkles::zany_face: 
insta2492 blessed:two_hearts::sparkles: happy birthday beautiful true. your energy is radiant and so so special! i love you and can’t wait to watch you grow:dizzy: 
insta2493 grow through, what you go through:dizzy: 
insta2494 when you focus on the good, the good gets better..:black_heart::sparkles: 
insta2495 ready, set, go :two_hearts: my brand new setting spray launches friday 4/12 on kyliecosmetics.com! 
insta2496 rise and shine:sparkles::star: 
insta2497 baecation :black_heart::sweat_droplets: 
insta2498 ombré :sparkles::two_hearts: 
insta2499 :two_hearts::palm_tree::sparkles: 
insta2500 :palm_tree: 
insta2501 brb on vacation wearing my favorite new lip kit extraordinary available now on kyliecosmetics.com :palm_tree: 
insta2502 morning:sparkles: 
insta2503 back at it again with nail bae :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2504 skin :sparkles: 
insta2505 missing this :sun::yellow_heart: 
insta2506 till my fingers blue :money-mouth_face: 
insta2507 :black_heart: 
insta2508 interview germany cover :heart_suit: 
insta2509 too good had to post em all:green_heart: 
insta2510 ice me out:green_heart::ring: 
insta2511 :green_heart::black_heart: 
insta2512 my baby is stuck to me like glue lately:black_heart: 
insta2513 :four_leaf_clover::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta2514 my friends: let’s have a chill night me: 
insta2515 baby girl:black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2517 finallyy some sun :sun::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2518 :sparkles::sparkles::clinking_glasses: 
insta2521 sprinkle velvet lip available now on kyliecosmetics.com and in store at :kiss_mark: 
insta2522 mary jo matte lip available now at kyliecosmetics.com and in store at :heart_suit: 
insta2523 candy k matte lip available now on kyliecosmetics.com & in store at :sparkles: 
insta2524 this little girl motivates me every day to become the best woman i can be. 
insta2525 :heart_suit: 
insta2526 this sunday i’m launching more lip kit shades, lipsticks and my 9 pan eyeshadow palettes at stores across the country! plus you can get my exclusive brand new shade, ulta beauty, only available in ulta stores and ulta.com!!! :black_heart: 
insta2527 setting powders by launching march 7th:growing_heart: 
insta2528 finally! i’m so excited to introduce new kylie setting powders! 6 beautiful shades: translucent, soft pink, beige, yellow, dark and deep dark :growing_heart: velvety, smooth, weightless and gorgeous, our new all over loose powders effortlessly set your makeup, balance oils and provide a natural, skin-like finish. launching march 7. :ribbon: 
insta2537 :green_heart: 
insta2538 thank you and the sweet for this new cover :green_heart: 
insta2539 i can’t wait to launch a new product for :squinting_face_with_tongue: can you guess what it is? :sparkles: 
insta2540 this look is going down as one of my favvvv red carpets! thank you for letting me borrow this gorgeous couture for the night. you killed it w thisss:two_hearts::sparkles: 
insta2541 :black_heart: 
insta2542 :rose: 
insta2543 must be dreaming!! :rose:... 
insta2544 i dreamed about this party and then drew it up on paper room by room and really made my vision come to life!!! thank you mindy and team! this party was magical :sparkles::ferris_wheel::heart_suit: 
insta2545 :heart_suit: 
insta2546 i had to go all out for my baby. 
insta2547 thank you :sparkles::yellow_heart: 
insta2548 thanks for all the love on the valentine collection! i have more surprises coming soon! p.s. mary jo matte on the lips :kiss_mark: 
insta2549 issue zero 
insta2550 issue zero 
insta2551 issue zero 
insta2552 baby 
insta2554 my loves :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::kiss_mark::heart_suit: 
insta2555 how did i get so lucky to have such a sweet, smart, happy baby. i just couldn’t have dreamt you up, storm. i wish you could stay this little forever and i could protect that contagious smile and laugh of yours. i know you won’t remember much about the first year of your life but i pray that you’ll never forget to keep sharing your joy and laughter with the world. my love grows for you a thousand miles a minute. every day with you is the best day of my life. happy birthday to my angel on earth. :balloon: 
insta2556 blue for my hair + pink for my body! has the most delicious vitamins 
insta2557 i’m ready for the vday collection to launch ..:kiss_mark: february 1st come soooooner! 
insta2558 a little bit in love with the valentine palette..:kiss_mark: launching 2.1.19 
insta2559 the valentine collection launches february 1st at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :kiss_mark: 
insta2560 can’t wait for valentine collection to launch on february 1st :kiss_mark: 
insta2561 can’t wait to reveal the valentine collection tomorrow! it launches feb. 1st :heart_suit::kiss_mark: 
insta2562 extraño a mi esposo 
insta2565 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta2566 go check page to see my view :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta2567 :black_heart: 
insta2568 don’t ever wanna leave 
insta2569 if you’re happy and you know clap your hands :clapping_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2570 wish i could stop time every once in a while 
insta2571 she’s in heaven here :hibiscus::palm_tree: 
insta2572 couldn’t have started the year off more perfect than this :sparkles: 
insta2573 couldn’t forget my new blushes, bronzers, and kylighters on vacation! i’m so excited for these to launch today at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :ribbon::sparkles: 
insta2574 my girls:green_heart::four_leaf_clover: 
insta2575 love these two more than life itself 
insta2576 let’s get away :green_heart: 
insta2577 happier than i look :orange_heart::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta2578 let the birthday adventures begin.. 
insta2579 yummy 
insta2580 trophy 
insta2582 :paw_prints: 
insta2584 :heart_with_ribbon: 
insta2585 felt like a flamingo in this dress :hibiscus: 
insta2587 can’t wait to add these beautiful new blushes, bronzers, and kylighters to this friday! you guys will fall in the love with these perfect new formulas and shades. check out my stories to see more up close pictures and videos :sparkles: 
insta2588 :woman_light_skin_tone::black_heart: 
insta2589 swipe for a surprise 
insta2590 hi sister 
insta2592 on wednesday’s 
insta2593 :heart_suit::heart_suit::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow: 
insta2594 mood all 2019:black_heart: 
insta2595 mama girl 
insta2596 :blue_heart: 
insta2597 restocked my high glosses on kyliecosmetics.com! if you haven’t tried them already.. you’ll fall in love with these :kiss_mark: 
insta2598 to 2019 please ... 
insta2599 :cold_face: 
insta2600 pink chrome :revolving_hearts: 
insta2601 my baby is turning 1 soon:black_heart: 
insta2603 we’ve traveled lives together 
insta2604 :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta2605 merry christmas :kiss_mark: 
insta2606 weekends in 
insta2608 the drama 
insta2609 :black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2610 :black_heart: 
insta2611 just thinking about how much i love each and every one of you. thank you for all the love and support this year. 2018 has been unforgettable thanks to you.. and having stormi of course has made it the best. i can’t wait for 2019:kiss_mark: 
insta2612 no days off :heart_suit: 
insta2613 thank you for helping me customize my dream car. ice blue :snowflake: 
insta2615 i can’t wait for christmas :Christmas_tree: 
insta2616 never let your lady friend use the restroom by herself :women_holding_hands: 
insta2617 stormi takes the snow :ribbon: 
insta2618 she loves my kisses i promise :growing_heart::red_heart: 
insta2619 :growing_heart::red_heart: 
insta2620 falcon footwear. out now :black_heart: shop at adidas.com/falcon/ 
insta2621 shoes just dropped:black_heart: shop now at adidas.com/falcon/ 
insta2622 :cloud_with_rain: 
insta2623 the jordyn x kylie collection by restocks on the 13th:sparkles: 
insta2624 behind the scenes:sparkles: 
insta2625 my christmas tree gets delivered today :smiling_face_with_open_hands::Christmas_tree: 
insta2626 :black_heart: 
insta2627 bye new york :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2628 stormi’s first trip to the park :sparkles: 
insta2630 watch my new get ready with me on tour youtube video:black_heart: 
insta2631 :party_popper::two_hearts: 
insta2632 when ur hubby is performing at madison square garden tonight :eyes: 
insta2633 :black_heart: calendar behind the scenes. 
insta2634 :black_heart: calendar behind the scenes. 
insta2635 wear the shoe and apparel. dropping december 6th. 
insta2636 celebrates the fearless female with footwear. collection drops december 6th. 
insta2637 sneakers are available december 6th. :blue_heart: 
insta2638 my 2019 calendar is now available on kyliejennershop.com :black_heart: 
insta2639 fun fact: my room growing up was zebra print everything. zebra carpet, bedding, furniture. i was so sick of it i refused zebra anything until this moment here :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing::zebra::black_heart: 
insta2640 i love this picture from my 2019 calendar available now on kyliejennershop.com :black_heart: 
insta2641 i love you little angel 
insta2642 happy thanksgiving :black_heart: 
insta2643 thankful. 
insta2644 2019 calendar dropping this on kyliejennershop.com :crown: 
insta2645 i’m so excited about my 2019 calendar dropping 11/23 black friday on kyliejennershop.com 
insta2646 2 0 1 9 c a l e n d a r :crown: launching black friday 9am pst on kyliejennershop.com! 12 exclusive new photos & a poster! 
insta2647 applying twinning velvet from the kkw x kylie 4 piece launching on :kiss_mark: 
insta2648 wearing shade soul sister from the brand new kkw x kylie 4 piece launching this friday to celebrate 
insta2649 wearing soul sister matte lip from the new kkw x kylie collaboration launching this on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2650 kkw x kylie 4 piece lip set round 2 coming this 11/23! i’m wearing double trouble & is wearing twinning! 
insta2651 so excited to be launching kkw x kylie round 2 with my sister :sparkles: we have a brand new 4 piece lip set launching this black friday on kyliecosmetics.com! we are wearing shade soul sister! 
insta2653 happy monday :globe_showing_Americas: 
insta2654 holiday collection is live!!!! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2655 ugh i love you so much. a living breathing piece of my heart :heart_suit: 
insta2656 only the people around you really know how hard you work. i love to watch you make all your dreams come true. your first festival. we’re so proud of you. we love you :black_heart: 
insta2657 cheers :clinking_glasses: 
insta2658 this icy pink shadow from my chill baby palette > :eyes::heart_with_arrow: 
insta2660 :kiss_mark: 
insta2661 kkw x kylie part 2... coming to kyliecosmetics.com :black_heart: wearing twinning velvet! 
insta2662 my 3rd annual holiday collection is around the corner.. thank you for the love and continuous support i feel so blessed :snowflake: stay tuned on my stories for the reveal! 
insta2663 busy trying to avoid washing this makeup off 
insta2664 almost ready for my dark hair :black_heart: 
insta2665 playing with my new holiday palette because it’s my favorite yet..:kiss_mark: 
insta2667 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone::black_heart: 
insta2668 lineup :ribbon: 
insta2669 high gloss :sparkles::ribbon: this thursday! wearing shade diva! 
insta2670 happiest birthday to my favorite person on this planet. mom, you make my world go round. there’s nothing that can replace the special bond we have. thank you for all the life lessons and guidance. i wouldn’t be half the woman if it weren’t for you and i’m still learning everyday! i feel blessed to have you as my mommy. you’ve made your mark in my life and in this world and there truly will never be another you. you are my living angel. 
insta2671 :yellow_heart: :pineapple: 
insta2672 pineapple blue raspberry :yellow_heart::blue_heart: 
insta2673 stormi weather :high_voltage::cloud: 
insta2674 :star::baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2675 thanks for letting me borrow outfit for the night :baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone::sparkles:i felt like an angel. 
insta2676 25th anniversary barbie :sparkles: totally hair:trade_mark: 
insta2678 she’s got fits:sparkles: 
insta2679 happy halloween:two_hearts: 
insta2680 come on barbie, let’s go party :ribbon: 
insta2681 life in plastic, it’s fantastic.. :two_hearts: 
insta2683 my baby butterfly.. 
insta2684 butterfly effect :two_hearts: 
insta2685 we used to dream about the day we’d be 21&22.. time flies :sparkles: 
insta2686 dropped some new goodies on the site kyliecosmetics.com :heart_with_arrow: 
insta2687 holy sh*t i’m so excited!!!:grinning_face_with_big_eyes: approving my final 2019 calendar and couldn’t resist to post a sneak peek of the new cover!!!!!!! you guys are going to love these new photos!!!!!! 
insta2689 :orange_heart::black_heart: 
insta2690 first pumpkin patch :jack-o-lantern: 
insta2691 3 new lipkits dropping this friday along with the burgundy & peach extended palettes i revealed today on my stories :sparkles: 
insta2692 morning matte lipstick :lipstick: 
insta2693 :ghost: 
insta2694 bite me :kiss_mark: 
insta2695 happy friday:black_heart::bat: mood because my halloween 18’ collection just dropped and i thought i’d wear my new lip kit bite me to celebrate! my new favorite holiday shade :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: available right now :kiss_mark: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2696 my little princess hit 8 months last week and i couldn’t be more happy and sad all at the same time :squinting_face_with_tongue::heart_suit: 
insta2698 finally the weekend:smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta2699 :gem_stone: 
insta2700 stormis mom has got it goin onnnnnn:black_heart: 
insta2702 can’t wait for this lip kit to drop. 
insta2703 october:black_heart: 
insta2704 halloween collection 18’ thank you so much for the love! it’s such an amazing feeling working on something for so long and to finally show you guys and you love it!! this have been such a fun collection to create!! check it out if you haven’t already in my stories! launching 10/12 
insta2705 :high_voltage::cloud: 
insta2706 you are my happy place :butterfly: 
insta2707 miami:heart_suit: 
insta2708 happy sunday :black_heart: 
insta2709 glam on point 
insta2711 bubblegum 
insta2712 :two_hearts::crown: 
insta2713 kylie x jordyn launches in 15 minutes!!!!! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2714 :crown: 
insta2715 just got my yeezy boost 350 v2 triple white. now available on adidas.com/yeezy and yeezy supply 
insta2716 tomorrow :black_heart: collection launches on kyliecosmetics.com at 3pm pst! wearing our eyeshadow palette here & partner in crime gloss.. this gloss is :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta2717 countdown! only 3 more days till the launch of kyliecosmetics.com :sparkles: 
insta2718 go bestfriend 
insta2719 goals :smirking_face::purple_heart: collection launches 09.21! 
insta2720 collection launches sept 21st at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :sparkles::purple_heart: check out the collection on my stories! 
insta2721 i can’t wait to introduce the kylie x jordyn collection to you guys but before i do, i wanted to come on here and let you know just how special this collection really is to me. jordyn and i have had a true unmatchable relationship and i consider her family. she’s helped me remain me throughout all these years and this is the first time we have collaborated on such a project! it has been so much fun and i’ll cherish the memories forever! we’ve worked hard on this and hope you love it as much as we do! reveal coming tomorrow :sparkles: 
insta2722 it’s been an epic year so far. :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2723 :kiss_mark: 
insta2724 vibrate good energy. :sunflower: 
insta2725 throwback with :black_heart: 
insta2726 :sparkles: 
insta2727 slumber party :ribbon: 
insta2728 cover 3 
insta2729 cover 2 
insta2730 cover 1 
insta2731 details :sunflower: 
insta2732 rise & shine 
insta2733 a few of my favorite things :sparkles: 
insta2735 i had too :orange_heart: 
insta2736 :black_heart::musical_notes: 
insta2737 i was hot as hell out in the heat, then a storm came in to save my life :high_voltage: 
insta2738 :zany_face: 
insta2739 celebrating the falcon today with :chequered_flag: 
insta2740 can’t wait to see what looks you guys create with my new customizable pro palette! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i’m releasing 28 of my favorite shades from my collections from the last 3 years as single shadows, so you can customize your looks. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: launching tomorrow friday 3pm pst 
insta2741 just dropped :black_heart: available now in adidas stores and online! 
insta2742 waiting for my baby to wake up like.. :orange_heart: 
insta2743 maaamaa shark dooo doo doo dooo 
insta2745 :yellow_heart::sun: 
insta2746 ready for the weekend 
insta2747 congratulations jordy on the launch of :sparkles: i’m so proud of you. 
insta2750 which lip? wearing twenty one & baddie :kiss_mark: 
insta2751 a d i d a s check out adidas.com/falcon 
insta2752 flavors :tongue: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2753 homebody:heart_with_arrow: 
insta2754 i couldn’t decide :two_hearts: 
insta2755 :two_hearts: 
insta2757 just wrapped shooting my new collection with dropping next month :two_hearts: can’t wait for u guys to see this! 
insta2758 vegas throwback 
insta2760 you make all my mornings :cloud: 
insta2763 when comes and graces these long fingers :sparkles: 
insta2764 pre-party:black_heart: 
insta2771 vogue was once just a wild dream! thank you for this cover! :sparkles: 
insta2772 chillin in my 
insta2773 :growing_heart: 
insta2774 shoe cam 
insta2775 la ferrari ... to jamba juice :cup_with_straw: 
insta2776 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2779 vintage gucci :snake: 
insta2780 g l a m! born to sparkle liquid shadow (bday collection), champagne showers highlighter (bday collection), coconut lip liner with bare matte lip, & new blush sneak peeeeek! :sparkles: 
insta2782 perfect night :party_popper::growing_heart: 
insta2783 :clinking_glasses: 
insta2784 woke up to a little fairytale :two_hearts: thank you baby 
insta2785 a blessed birthday :sparkles: so grateful.. 
insta2786 goodnight 
insta2787 a bunch of baddies :woman_shrugging_light_skin_tone: we’re 21 today 
insta2789 twenty one 
insta2790 birthday behavior! were all turning 21!! 
insta2791 :two_hearts: 
insta2792 t-minus two hours 
insta2793 bday dinner ... look 1 :growing_heart: 
insta2794 my heart 
insta2795 bringing in my birthday tonight with my most special gift. what was life before you, stormi. i love you my little angel. 
insta2797 hello 
insta2799 queen matte lip from the birthday minis available now :clinking_glasses: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2800 party animal :black_heart::party_popper: 
insta2801 birthday collection live now on kyliecosmetics.com :clinking_glasses: 
insta2802 party time with my girls because the birthday collection launches in 1 hour! :growing_heart::clinking_glasses: 
insta2803 wow! i can’t believe the day is almost here! my limited edition birthday collection launches tomorrow at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com! :clinking_glasses::party_popper: 
insta2804 you didn’t have to go this hard baby :crying_face: astroworld just dropped and it’s the craziest ride of my life :tired_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta2805 my new favorite at home self tan all the way from australia 
insta2806 birthday glam using my new 21 eyeshadow palette, queen matte lip from my bday minis, and champagne showers highlighter! i can’t wait for this collection to launch on august 6th 
insta2809 shot this beautiful campaign for by just 3 weeks after i gave birth! i also love that baby true joined us for the shoot. such special pics :black_heart: join our family. see more at www.calvinklein.com/mycalvins 
insta2810 hi beautiful! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 21 shades for the launching august 6th! :party_popper: see the rest of the collection on my stories 
insta2811 bday mood all month long :blue_heart: ... can’t wait for this special collection for to launch on august 6th. thank you for these bomb pics for all my packaging! 
insta2812 i started the 30 day detox program because they promote a healthy lifestyle and it is important for me to feel my best:orange_heart:. i'm on day 7 right now... i have way more energy and it is like a magic tea to get rid of tummy bloat. i’m in love with their cute pink travel bottle:two_hearts:. if you’re looking for a natural detox, this is it. use code: kylie20 off yours 
insta2813 max ac at all times!! p.s. playing with my new bday collection :two_hearts: 
insta2814 :black_heart: 
insta2815 coconut lip liner & bare lip kit :sparkles: 
insta2816 just for the summer :orange_heart: 
insta2818 the blues 
insta2819 good morning .. :butterfly: 
insta2820 caught by 
insta2821 on wednesdays 
insta2823 love u sister 
insta2824 :black_heart: 
insta2825 home. 
insta2826 can’t get over this summer look check out the summer collection now at kyliecosmetics.com i’m wearing the summer palette & tangerine matte bullet lipstick! 
insta2827 can’t believe we are a day away from the summer collection launch!!!!! 3pm tomorrow only on kyliecosmetics.com :two_hearts: 
insta2828 wow. i can’t believe i’m posting my very own cover. thank you for this article and the recognition. i’m so blessed to do what i love everyday. i couldn’t have dreamt this up! 
insta2829 summer collection x kylie cosmetics! launches this friday the 13th! :orange_heart::growing_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta2830 :black_heart: 
insta2831 summer collection launching this friday the 13th :sun: watch my snap or insta stories to see the reveal! 
insta2832 i can’t wait for the summer reveal today! summer launching this friday 
insta2833 feelin girly :two_hearts: 
insta2834 it’s our 8 year anniversary 
insta2835 heat wave 
insta2836 :sparkles: 
insta2837 tbt to my birthday shoot 1 year ago :two_hearts: i can’t believe i’ll be 21 next month! 
insta2838 :fireworks: 
insta2839 throwback :sparkles: who wants kkw x kylie round 2? 
insta2840 sorta sweet! kyliecosmetics.com. :black_heart: welcome to the fam! shop now. 
insta2841 thanks :sparkles: 
insta2842 just 3 more days till my sorta sweet palette launches on kyliecosmetics.com!!!!! i get so excited every time i add something new to my collection. thank you for all the continuous love and support! 
insta2843 currently living in my brand new sorta sweet palette.. launching june 28th on kyliecosmetics.com! i’m wearing boy bye velvet topped with glitz gloss by 
insta2845 “your uber’s outside” 
insta2846 we didn’t plan this 
insta2847 bright colors all summer long :red_heart::orange_heart::yellow_heart::green_heart::blue_heart::purple_heart: 
insta2848 :yellow_heart::yellow_heart::yellow_heart::sparkles: wearing my brand new lip liner iced latte & khlo$ matte lip! 
insta2849 surprise! the is dropping on kyliecosmetics.com in 1 hour! if you haven’t tried it before.. it’s about to be your new best friend! 
insta2853 :yellow_heart: 
insta2854 :globe_showing_Americas: 
insta2855 so lucky to have you :sparkles: 
insta2858 last night..:black_heart: 
insta2859 :sweat_droplets: 
insta2860 morning ... on my lips. 
insta2861 i spy with my little eye... 
insta2862 piercings :black_heart: 
insta2864 koko matte lip :sparkles: 
insta2865 morning:sun: 
insta2866 i never post black and white photos.. 
insta2867 happiness :sparkles: 
insta2869 happy birthday north & p.. :black_heart: 
insta2870 wearing jordy lip kit today ... kyliecosmetics.com :kiss_mark: 
insta2872 :kiss_mark: 
insta2873 dropped all new reds on kyliecosmetics.com .. :kiss_mark: go check em out 
insta2874 4 new lip kits launching june 1st on kyliecosmetics.com ..:heart_suit: obsessed with these shades. stay tuned for more! 
insta2876 morning adventures 
insta2879 left my designer for this fit :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta2880 :zany_face: 
insta2881 it was so nice meeting you guys today :kiss_mark: my san francisco pop up is open for a few more days at 21 grant ave.. so don’t miss out! 
insta2882 pop up :kiss_mark: 
insta2883 bay 
insta2884 stormi’s parents :black_heart: 
insta2885 i’m so excited! coming for you san francisco! the kylie pop up opens this friday 10am at 21 grant ave. see you then ;) i have some special things for you guys exclusive to the store! 
insta2886 just dropped on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2887 drops this mother’s day. & if you didn’t already know took over everything. :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: 
insta2889 ny 
insta2890 about last night..:black_heart: 
insta2891 met mooooood:black_heart: 
insta2892 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses::black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta2893 oh hi there 
insta2895 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta2897 monday mood 
insta2900 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta2902 :black_heart: 
insta2904 buy a lip kit .. get one free today on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2906 paradise 
insta2909 morning in paradise 
insta2911 mia 
insta2912 birthday behavior 
insta2917 cover :black_heart: 
insta2918 :wrapped_gift: 
insta2919 bronze extended drops today! 3pm pst kyliecosmetics.com! this palette is allllllll i need :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta2920 new shades :fire: 
insta2921 your favorite mattes from the bronze palette with brand new metallics in bronze extended! dropping on the site tomorrow at 3pm! yayyyy! bronze looks for life! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2922 sprinkle lip kit dropping on kyliecosmetics.com tomorrow.. & p.s. kourt x kylie is also restocking tomorrow! xo 
insta2923 that’s my best friend!!! we go legend!!!! 
insta2924 thanks for all the love and support on the kourt x kylie launch today. you guys are amazing :face_blowing_a_kiss: .. restock updates soon! 
insta2925 some gorgeous looks using the kourt x kylie palettes dropping on the site tomorrow at 3pm :sparkles: 
insta2926 :sparkles: 
insta2927 just 2 more days till my collaboration with kourt x kylie drops on kyliecosmetics.com! wearing ma$e all over my lid from the blue palette, diamond in the inner corner from the pink palette, and french kiss velvet on my lips! 
insta2928 behind the scenes of the kourt x kylie shoot wearing rad on my lips launching in just 3 more days! 
insta2929 mommys :smiling_face:.. oh and if you didn’t already hear.. we’re collaborating and it drops in 4 days! :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: kourt x kylie 
insta2930 angel baby 
insta2931 bff 
insta2932 can’t wait for kourt x kylie to drop :zany_face: 3 sets launching 4/24 on kyliecosmetics.com! 
insta2933 :black_heart: 
insta2934 happy birthday to the queen! :crown: so excited to announce the kourt x kylie collaboration. this collection gives me so much lifeeeee! 3 mini palettes & 3 of kourtney’s signature lippies launching 4/24! collaborating with you was so much fun! i love you! check out my stories to see our collab :sparkles: p.s. we are both wearing one of her new shades rad in this pic! 
insta2936 denim blue :OK_button: 
insta2937 “i could buy designer but this fit” :musical_notes: 
insta2939 :alien_monster: 
insta2940 cotton candy cream kylighter ... :two_hearts: 
insta2941 i’m not a regular mom i’m a cool mom 
insta2942 :smirking_face: 
insta2944 the wind you guys, is this necessary? 
insta2945 you can now get some of my fav shades as singles! :sparkles: on the site noww.. kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2946 stormi strolls :money-mouth_face: 
insta2947 hump day 
insta2948 wearing dolce matte lip today just in case you were wondering :zany_face: 
insta2949 just launched four new lip kits at kyliecosmetics.com :growing_heart::red_heart::green_heart: 
insta2950 ahh my fav new lip kit say no more! just launched on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2951 ironic! launching tomorrow :rocket: 
insta2952 boss :kiss_mark: launching tomorrow on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2953 3 new shades :squinting_face_with_tongue::smirking_face: launching april 10th! 
insta2956 :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta2957 excited because is dropping new colors next week :heart_suit: wearing new lip kit “boss” today 
insta2958 bringing back your favorites! 4 new lipkits just dropped on kyliecosmetics.com :kiss_mark: 
insta2959 i think i was meant to be blonde :smirking_face: 
insta2960 summer goals :smirking_face: 
insta2961 stormiiiiiiiii:black_heart: 
insta2962 créme lipsticks back in stock kyliecosmetics.com :lipstick: 
insta2963 my girl hooked me up with the snap back package. waistgang has the best quality snap back products. make sure you get your package & follow to join & keep up the journey together. tag us in photos, and head over to www.whatsawaist.com now! use code (kylie) for an exclusive discount & i can keep up with your progress :double_exclamation_mark: 
insta2965 :star-struck: 
insta2966 girls next door 
insta2968 “boy bye” back in stock :mouth: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2969 super glitter gloss :star: now available on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2970 day off 
insta2971 picking up my new bitch 
insta2972 i mean.. does it get any better than this? 
insta2973 need a cough drop? 
insta2974 insert 
insta2975 back at it again 
insta2976 options 
insta2977 my favorite highlighter palette and the rest of my new weather collection is back in stock now! three brand new matte lipsticks, yellow gel liner, glitter eyes duos and more... kyliecosmetics.com :high_voltage::cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: 
insta2978 women’s day 
insta2979 my angel baby is 1 month old today 
insta2980 tomorrow :cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta2981 weather collection 2/28 at 3pm pst :yellow_heart: :camera:: 
insta2982 dalmatian 
insta2983 vday :black_heart::heart_suit: 
insta2985 stormi webster :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta2986 :heart_suit: 
insta2987 merry christmas! thank you for this special cover shot by & interview by :wrapped_gift: 
insta2988 concealers, lipsticks, & brushes launch in 30 minutes on kyliecosmetics.com :star-struck: we are also restocking a bunch of your favorites on the site! 
insta2989 lipsticks, brushes, and concealers are launching 12/13 on kyliecosmetics.com :black_heart: 
insta2990 thank you & team for making my xmas dreams come true! 20 feet of magic! even more perfect in real life ... :ribbon: 
insta2991 welcome the to the family! first stop .. tomorrow. be the first to try and purchase my concealers and sample them in person! go shop some of your favorite products! and follow to stay updated ... :two_hearts: 
insta2992 love my watch and cuff, perfect gifts for use code kylie for an additional 15% off all holiday bundles on danielwellington.com 
insta2993 posted some exclusive polaroids on the kylie jenner official app from the past few years.. 
insta2994 naughty vs nice palette swatches. shop them now at kyliecosmetics.com :heart_suit: 
insta2995 red velvet holiday lip kit is officially available on kyliecosmetics.com :kiss_mark: 
insta2997 so... the holiday collection launches today :star-struck: 
insta3002 happy monday :woman_pouting_light_skin_tone: 
insta3003 holiday 2017 launches november 22nd :snowflake: 
insta3004 new york takeover! come see the pop up nov.20th-dec.20th :heart_suit: 
insta3005 this is so exciting!!!! a dream come true!!!! the la grove! i can’t wait go check out my pop ups around the us next monday nov20th :two_hearts: 
insta3006 morning :revolving_hearts: 
insta3007 :revolving_hearts: shoot day 
insta3008 happy halloween :jack-o-lantern: 11 brand new velvets launch on kyliecosmetics.com today at 3pm pst 
insta3009 new color by "goals" launching this halloween :heart_exclamation: 
insta3010 today only we are doing a 2 for $20 gloss special on kyliecosmetics.com and look what we just added to the site! some limited edition glosses are making a comeback :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3011 friday the 13th :black_heart: 
insta3012 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3013 fall collection :purple_heart: now live kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3014 :kiss_mark: 
insta3015 my new sunnies collection is available now at quayaustralia.com. follow for full details. 
insta3016 new drop :droplet: 
insta3017 so excited for my second sunnies collection ... drop ii. follow for details. 
insta3018 throwback :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: mary jo is the perfect red :heart_suit: 
insta3019 yesterday was cute. hope you had the happiest of birthdays jordy. love you forever ever and beyond.. 
insta3020 mornings :) 
insta3021 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3022 :black_heart: 
insta3024 obsessed with my dress :gem_stone: get it at fashionnova.com :sparkles: 
insta3025 bestie :smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3027 3 new mattes launch today at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :ribbon::black_heart: mink • penelope • bubble 
insta3028 my heart is here today .. 
insta3029 staying in tonight and watching the new episode of on e! this one is all about our adventures in peru with as they take us to visit their patients and partners. it was amazing to see up close the lives that have changed from my donation and i'm excited to continue our relationship and help more people around the world smile! 
insta3030 rosé :ribbon: 
insta3031 miss u kitty 
insta3032 :dog_face: 
insta3034 :black_heart: 
insta3036 thank you and of course you guys for helping me celebrate my birthday in such an impactful way! 
insta3037 :black_heart: 
insta3038 all new airs tonight so i thought i'd throw it back to me and kendall with this cute fluffy cow :cow_face: 
insta3040 :airplane::airplane: 
insta3041 night:victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3043 :black_heart: 
insta3044 errands :red_heart: 
insta3045 x 
insta3046 x 
insta3048 check out page to see all the new stuff dropping on kyliejennershop.com on august 24th at 9am pst ... 
insta3050 :dove: 
insta3051 new episode tonight on e! :purple_heart: 
insta3052 summers almost over party 
insta3053 :crown::ribbon: 
insta3055 squad 
insta3057 thanks for all the birthday wishes! 
insta3058 20 :star: 
insta3059 20 
insta3060 :sun: 
insta3061 day at mommy's :yellow_heart: 
insta3063 thank you for the digital cover :heart_suit: 
insta3064 :woman_light_skin_tone::woman_light_skin_tone::woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta3065 morning :blue_heart: wearing my new twenty matte lip from the available right now kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3066 restocking the today at noon/12pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3067 hello :black_heart: 
insta3068 3 days .. this sunday :star: 
insta3069 throwback .. :black_heart: 
insta3070 miss you princess 
insta3071 closet cleaning & shoot day :black_heart: 
insta3072 birthday vibes ... today's launch day! everything from the goes live today at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3073 tomorrows my bday collection launch :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: everything goes live at 3pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3074 check out the page to see what products we used from the to create this look! can't wait for everything to drop on august 1st :ribbon: swipe left to see more photos! 
insta3075 birthday collection :ribbon: launching august 1st at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com .. stay tuned on xoxo 
insta3076 i can always count on my vitamins to help keep my natural hair healthy and strong :bear::growing_heart:+ they taste delicious! 
insta3078 i just love this little cutie patootie 
insta3079 4 more days till the reveal .. surprise! can't wait for you guys to see this one :two_hearts::ribbon: make sure you're following instagram for all the updates. 
insta3082 my wax figure is officially on the floor hanging in the a-list party room at :face_screaming_in_fear: go check her out .. 
insta3084 i made her facetime my whole family .. fooled everyone :tired_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3085 thanks for this amazing honor! :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: go visit my girl tomorrow in hollywood and see the actual dress i wore to the met gala last year! 
insta3087 :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3088 gq 
insta3089 gq 
insta3090 gq 
insta3091 gq 
insta3096 available right now quayaustralia.com 
insta3099 :cherries: 
insta3101 adventures 
insta3102 :black_heart: 
insta3103 shoutout to these ladies for the beautiful swatches of some of my makeup :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: always so pretty.. kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3104 my capsule collection with is coming 7.11.17 
insta3105 my capsule collection with is coming 7.11.17 
insta3106 my capsule collection with is coming 7.11.17 
insta3109 miss u 
insta3110 this was a cute night .. :sparkles: 
insta3111 u can tell my mom for sure made us take this pic .. those fake ass smiles lol 
insta3112 daddy's day 
insta3113 normal girls in a normal world 
insta3115 mint green eyes using mojito from the royal peach palette & my new birthday suit matte lipstick from the vacation edition collection 
insta3117 prague 
insta3118 it's an la ting 
insta3119 :eyes::eyes: 
insta3120 my one time only limited edition collection dropped today on kyliecosmetics.com some things are still available :flushed_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_open_hands: link in bio 
insta3121 happy birthday to this cutie :purple_heart: 
insta3123 swipe left! the entire collection launches tomorrow at 3pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com .. follow to stay updated xx 
insta3125 some of my favorite pics & videos of the collection launching in just 2 days! 6/15 at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com .. i can't contain my excitement!!! my absolute favorite products so far .. :sun: i'm soooo ready for summer xo 
insta3126 :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta3128 happy birthday anastasia!!!!! you know allllll my secrets can't get rid of ya now if i wanted too :weary_face::winking_face: 
insta3130 last night :black_heart: 
insta3131 support ya wife :person_with_veil_medium_skin_tone: 
insta3132 koko kollection just went live on kyliecosmetics.com link in bio 
insta3133 tomorrow kyliejennershop.com 
insta3134 can't wait to restock the new koko kollection tomorrow at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com! 
insta3136 missin my pink hair :snake: 
insta3138 congrats kenny i love you :black_heart: 
insta3139 the new koko kollection launches tomorrow 5/31 at 3pm pst :sparkling_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3140 wearing baby girl matte lipstick from the new koko 4 piece launching tomorrow on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3144 :lollipop: 
insta3145 wearing doll matte lip today from the new koko 4 piece launching 5/31 3pm i love this fire orange :fire: 
insta3146 koko round 2 launching 5/31 at 3pm pst kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3147 :fire: doll matte lip .. launching in the new koko kollection kit 5/31 
insta3148 the first koko kollection 4 piece had to be my favorite project i've done thus far. i've had so many requests to come back for round 2 ... and it's been so much fun creating these new additions to the koko kollection fam! we make magic, the new 4 piece and the face duo palette launches 5/31 at 3pm pst! stay tuned on page xoxo 
insta3149 :star: 
insta3150 my newest velvet lip kits just dropped on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3151 droptwo available right now kendall-kylie.com 
insta3154 :butterfly::black_heart: 
insta3155 loving my new dress prettylittlething.com :fire::fire::fire: 
insta3156 cheeeesin 
insta3157 sweet 
insta3158 droptwo launching may22nd .. :black_heart: 
insta3161 thank you :black_heart: 
insta3162 mamas 
insta3163 moms day 
insta3164 my heart 
insta3165 :sparkling_heart: 
insta3166 home sick :black_heart: 
insta3167 barbie world :ribbon: 
insta3168 life in plastic it's fantastic :face_with_tongue: 
insta3171 excited to be apart of 
insta3172 ..:butterfly: 
insta3173 morning :sparkles: 
insta3176 happy wife happy life 
insta3178 kyliejennershop.com 
insta3180 m:black_heart::black_heart:d 
insta3182 wife for life 
insta3183 our after party 
insta3184 :fire::fire::fire: 
insta3185 :sparkles: 
insta3187 phewf last night wasn't a dream :butterfly: 
insta3188 annual bathroom selfie 
insta3189 my date :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: iconic 
insta3190 thank you for making me feel so beautiful tonight!!! 
insta3191 when donatella wants you to go blonde .. you go fucking blonde :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3192 versace versace versace 
insta3193 we've arrived :kiss_mark: 
insta3194 my little tiny angel baby big sister 
insta3195 brand new cases drop tomorrow on kyliejennershop.com at 10am pst! 
insta3198 daniel 
insta3199 met 2016 
insta3200 one more time 
insta3204 the kkw x kylie collection restocked!!! right now on kyliecosmetics.com xoxo 
insta3205 assistant goals 
insta3206 :smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3207 :shower: 
insta3208 :black_heart::black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta3209 it's a vibe 
insta3210 reserved 
insta3211 sasha unreleased 
insta3214 the kkw crème collection launches today at 3pm pst! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_savoring_food: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3215 hiiiiiiiii:black_heart: 
insta3216 d a y o n e 
insta3217 :french_fries::heart_suit: 
insta3218 :black_heart::black_heart: 
insta3219 hey vegas :dizzy: 
insta3220 too many moods in one pic 
insta3222 goals 
insta3223 our life :dizzy: 
insta3224 morning :black_heart: 
insta3225 kkw 4/25 
insta3226 kkw x kylie 
insta3227 i love being able to collaborate with my sisters. the kkw x kylie 4 piece launches next tuesday 4/25 at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com it was so fun creating something authentic and organic to with this new créme liquid lipstick formula :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: hope you guys love it! 
insta3228 we made it 
insta3229 it's lit 
insta3230 :panda::panda::panda: 
insta3231 happy easter :rabbit_face: 
insta3232 :sparkles::collision::squinting_face_with_tongue::yellow_heart::two_hearts::kiss_mark: 
insta3233 how cool is this party we are hosting with it's snowing in the desert! having the best time here at the party! :snowflake::palm_tree::honeybee: 
insta3235 :angry_face_with_horns::angry_face_with_horns::angry_face_with_horns: 
insta3236 morning :lemon: 
insta3237 highlighter hair :rainbow: 
insta3238 :tennis: 
insta3239 :rocket::rocket: 
insta3240 happy shop through sunday on kyliecosmetics.com for some free goodies :rabbit_face: 
insta3241 :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3244 happy monday :collision: 
insta3245 :person_frowning_light_skin_tone: 
insta3246 lady friends 
insta3248 always bring your own tacos :taco: 
insta3249 kowgirl 
insta3251 morning :black_heart: 
insta3252 kylie fucking jenner 
insta3253 roadster sv :enraged_face: 
insta3254 blushes!!! i'm beyond excited to welcome these to the kylie cosmetics family! i'm obsessed with blush and it's a dream that i can finally have my own! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: can't wait for you guys to experience these build-able matte beauties! they launch this friday at 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com check out my snap to see a more xx 
insta3255 happy birthday big brother .. my twin soul :shamrock::black_heart: 
insta3256 thisss:smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3257 :person_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone: 
insta3259 kylight :check_mark: 
insta3261 i'll be dreaming of makeup tonight ... :sparkles::cloud: 
insta3262 cherry toes :cherries: 
insta3263 harmony 
insta3264 :black_heart: last night 
insta3265 lovin these :face_savoring_food: 
insta3267 iced coffee alwayssss 
insta3268 obsessed with my set :purple_heart:get it at fashionnova.com :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3269 find someone who matches your crazy :collision: behind the scenes photos from our shoot on my app right now. 
insta3270 inhale the good exhale the bad :sparkles: 
insta3271 in another world :dizzy: 
insta3272 always looking for something :crescent_moon: 
insta3273 too busy making magic with :dizzy: 
insta3275 :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta3276 adventures w the fam :sparkles: happy early bday 
insta3277 :black_heart: 
insta3278 on a wednesday 
insta3279 :sparkles: 
insta3280 :star: 
insta3281 every time you call you know imma come get ya 
insta3285 a little shopping never hurt :purse: 
insta3286 it's a forever thing :girl_medium_skin_tone::woman_medium-light_skin_tone_blond_hair::woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta3288 :candy: 
insta3289 go bestfriend!! :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing: tag your bestie 
insta3291 :umbrella_with_rain_drops::ring: 
insta3292 enjoying my :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: they're keeping my tummy toned & lean as it gets closer to summer :sun: 
insta3293 to have older sisters who love to share is a blessing :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3294 tag a friend with brown eyes :eye::eyes: 
insta3295 la familia 
insta3296 :black_heart: 
insta3297 :black_heart: 
insta3298 excited to show you my cover story collaboration with and for read the story on violetgrey.com 
insta3299 thanks nyc for all the support :face_blowing_a_kiss: truly blessed! 
insta3300 today was an unreal experience! not a moment goes by when i'm not over the top thankful and grateful for each and every one of you. we've got a good team! there would be no me without you :crown: let's keep building! :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3301 nyfw :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3302 spend it all at the pop up !!$$$:money_bag: 
insta3305 :black_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta3306 :black_heart: 
insta3307 mmm starbucks :face_savoring_food: 
insta3308 :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3309 :two_hearts: 
insta3310 jeremy fittings :collision: 
insta3311 :red_heart: 
insta3312 thanks for the beautiful dress and your beautiful show :kiss_mark: 
insta3313 i don't know what i'd do without :red_heart: anything you want delivered to your door in minutes! download the app, use code: kylie and get $50 free delivery credits! 
insta3315 happy thursday :dizzy: 
insta3317 :crown: 
insta3318 wow can't believe i'm coming to nyc next week to open up my second pop up shop.. dreams!!! i'll see you guys there.. address: 27 mercer st. new york city when: 2/13/17 i'll open the doors at 10am that morning & will be open daily until 9pm! store will stay there until supplies run out! xoxo ** yes, we will be open on valentines day 
insta3319 treat yourself 
insta3320 dropone coming soon 
insta3321 dropone coming soon 
insta3322 black flames set launches valentines day 2/14 on kyliejennershop.com follow to see more & stay updated :fire::fire: 
insta3323 maroooooon :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3324 nudess !!!$$ left to right: ginger, maliboo, exposed, dolce, candy! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3325 :sweat_droplets: 
insta3326 rain boots or rain sneakers ? :thinking_face: 
insta3327 new kylie shop merch launching valentines day :fire: check out the countdown on kyliejennershop.com 
insta3328 the valentines collection :red_heart::kiss_mark: kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3330 ootd 
insta3331 who's ready for new merch? :face_savoring_food: follow to stay updated! dropping 
insta3332 :poodle: 
insta3333 hola 
insta3334 body is a wonderland :sparkles: 
insta3335 :tangerine: 
insta3339 the is so close but so far away :weary_face::kiss_mark: february 2nd .. 
insta3340 kylie pop up.. coming for you in february nyc :smirking_face: 
insta3341 vday is almost here. wearing my dropping feb2nd at 3pm pst ... high maintenance on my lips .. make me blush kyshadow on my eyes :two_hearts: 
insta3342 just revealed the valentines collection on my snapchat :winking_face_with_tongue: this is my favorite collection so far! hope you guys love it :kiss_mark::red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: launching february 2nd ... 3pm pst 
insta3343 new day :ghost: 
insta3344 how strong you stand is what makes you 
insta3346 mornings with 
insta3347 girl :black_heart: 
insta3348 girl 
insta3349 girl 
insta3350 girl 
insta3354 very excited to announce.. that due to popular demand the koko kollection is making its return!!! we are restocking this tuesday the 24th at 3pm pst 
insta3355 my fire ox, my brother, my soul sister. give jordy & her family some support and prayers right now. i love you the long way . the other half of me .. when you cry i cry. 
insta3356 :eyes: 
insta3357 the royal peach palette is back tomorrow 3pm pst only on kyliecosmetics.com :peach::blue_heart: 
insta3358 brunette is best 
insta3361 juicy 
insta3362 :smirking_face: 
insta3367 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3368 :smiling_face: we used "north star" "duchess" & "sandy" from today.. thank you thank you guys for the love today can't believe we sold out so fast. follow to stay updated on the next restock :peach: 
insta3369 who's watching tonight on e! ?! i know i am :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta3372 throwback selfie :two_hearts: 
insta3374 rare:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3375 my lil babies :purple_heart: 
insta3376 sister date :women_holding_hands: 
insta3377 :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3378 royal peach :peach: january 12th 3pm pst ... 
insta3382 swatches 
insta3383 7 days :peach: 
insta3384 :sun: 
insta3385 paradise 
insta3386 bestfran 
insta3387 feel me? 
insta3388 new year who dis 
insta3389 :palm_tree: 
insta3390 lil babies 
insta3391 forbes 30 under 30 .. thank you :raising_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3392 the royal peach palette is my newest baby :face_savoring_food: launching jan.12th 3pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3393 1 billy :flushed_face: thanks for all the love this year :kiss_mark: 
insta3394 last bathroom selfie of the year :face_savoring_food: 
insta3395 models & me 
insta3396 obsessed with my new jeans :peach:get them at fashionnova.com :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3397 young jenners 
insta3398 kendall where u at ? 
insta3400 :smiling_face_with_horns::smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3401 so grateful to be able to experience another over the top amazing christmas. thank you god for all my blessings this year :red_heart: 
insta3402 eve :Santa_Claus_medium_skin_tone: 
insta3403 krismas :Christmas_tree: 
insta3404 thank you :camera_with_flash: 
insta3405 because it's thursday .. :two_hearts: 
insta3408 :wrapped_gift: 
insta3409 :smiling_face::smiling_face: 
insta3411 thank you for another successful day for my panties are still available on kyliejennershop.com right now :fire::wrapped_gift: 
insta3412 :sparkles::sparkles: 
insta3416 thekylieshop.com is open!!! check out the website now :wrapped_gift: 
insta3417 thekylieshop restocks in 1 hour!! 10am pst on kyliejennershop.com limited quantities so be on time :wrapped_gift: 
insta3418 congratulations angel :red_heart::ring: 
insta3419 restocking soon.. follow for updates :two_hearts: 
insta3421 i love being able to take care of myself and others at the same time. drinking water for a cause with my new water bottle. 
insta3422 it's almost xmas :Christmas_tree::wrapped_gift: 
insta3425 the kyliejenner2017 calendar by available now on kyliejennershop.com :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta3427 birthday bae 
insta3428 :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta3429 :flushed_face: 
insta3430 we are sold out of almost everything on online !!! wow! thank you guys for making this launch so special. check out kyliejennershop.com to see what's left. xoxo 
insta3431 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: pop up topanga westfield la .. will i see you there ;) thanks for making my vision come to life !! 
insta3432 come see my lip kit wall today at the topanga westfield mall :red_heart: 
insta3433 the kyliejennershop.com is live !!! 
insta3434 15 mins!!!!!!! kyliejennershop.com :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta3436 the empire :crown::crown::crown: it's all for you :red_heart: see you soon x 
insta3437 tomorrows the day my pop up shop opens at the topanga westfield mall in la :smiling_face_with_open_hands: can't wait :two_hearts: 10am 
insta3439 the holiday collection is back one more time today 3pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com ! the mini set is included! i'm so excited :snowflake::snowflake::snowflake: 
insta3440 love my watch and cuff, perfect gifts!:wrapped_gift:use kylie15 for an additional 15% off all holiday bundles on danielwellington.com 
insta3442 :snowflake::ring: 
insta3443 x kyliejenner2017 calendar sneak peek. dropping this saturday on kyliejennershop.com 
insta3444 sneek peak from the kyliejenner2017 calendar dropping december 10th on kyliejennershop.com 
insta3445 the official kylie jenner 2017 calendar with launches on kyliejennershop.com december 10th :weary_face::smiling_face_with_open_hands::smiling_face_with_open_hands::smiling_face_with_open_hands::smiling_face_with_open_hands::smiling_face_with_open_hands: all exclusive terry photos. check out my snapchat for a preview xoxo ! 
insta3446 kylie kases drop december 10th on kyliejennershop.com 
insta3448 fill yourself with adventure :sparkles: 
insta3449 :two_hearts: 
insta3450 :palm_tree: 
insta3451 :palm_tree: 
insta3452 :glowing_star: 
insta3453 i love the cellulite fix, it helps to keep my skin firm and lifted. available at here’s an exclusive 30% off all nip+fab body products from the www.nipandfab.com site. use code kyliebody at checkout. thanks 
insta3458 my limited edition holiday kyshadow palette is available right now on kyliecosmetics.com only. 
insta3459 :gem_stone: 
insta3460 happy black friday! the kyliecosmetics.com store just opened & restocked! if you spend over $100 you get a free stocking! :face_savoring_food: that's not all though... if you purchase posie, candy, koko, or exposed lipkit we are gifting you a free matching gloss :kiss_mark: 
insta3461 happy thanksgiving :turkey::blossom: 
insta3463 us at thanksgiving dinner tomorrow like ..:smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta3464 mornings with 
insta3465 mornings with 
insta3467 this year is just the year of .. 
insta3469 tall glass of water :gem_stone: 
insta3470 about to livestream on the kylie jenner facebook! 
insta3472 wow the most inventory we've ever done & you guys are wiping the store out!!!! some still hanging on! what's on your christmas list :smirking_face: free domestic shipping right now! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3473 it was all just a dream :smiling_face_with_open_hands: coming soon to the topanga westfield mall. i grew up at this mall .. crazy :weary_face: 12.9.16 
insta3474 waking up this morning like .. 
insta3475 kylie x sasha 
insta3476 kyliejennershop.com 
insta3477 collection drops tomorrow! 1pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com only. 
insta3478 collection drops tomorrow :snowman: 1pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com only 
insta3479 my holiday collection drops tomorrow at 1pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com only! first day free domestic shipping :smiling_face_with_open_hands: how cute are these lip kit ornaments 
insta3480 :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3481 ginger lips 
insta3482 kyliejennershop.com 
insta3486 love my new co-ord from prettylittlething.com 
insta3487 my holiday edition collection launches next week monday 11/21 1pm pst! i insisted on free domestic shipping for the first day to just say happy holidays from me to you :snowman: how gorg are these 2 new exclusive holiday lipkit ornaments that you can hang on your tree:smiling_face_with_open_hands: 
insta3488 tomorrows the reveal :face_savoring_food: make sure you're following 
insta3490 :eyes::eyes: 
insta3492 the limited edition koko kollection launches today on kyliecosmetics.com! 3pm pst. :party_popper: congrats khloe. 
insta3496 unreleased project with 
insta3498 i miss my dark hair :crying_face: should i go back? 
insta3499 my vision. i can't wait for you guys to see what goes on inside my mind & what i've been working on. 100% kylie. 
insta3500 soon. 
insta3501 :skull: 
insta3502 happy birthday mommy. i love you so much it hurts :red_heart: 
insta3503 wow it's here!!!! one of my favorite projects!!!! my first collaboration with & who better to share this experience with than you, these shades, this packaging ... it's everything :weary_face: khlo you did such an awesome job i love working with you sister. the first surprise of the holidays!!!! this 4 piece drops next week november 9th at 3pm! :kiss_mark: 
insta3504 :two_hearts: 
insta3505 :party_popper: 
insta3506 every kylie needs a kendall :girl_light_skin_tone::girl_light_skin_tone: 
insta3507 my big sister is 21 :weary_face: happy birthday kenny. my other half. i wouldn't be me if it weren't for you :red_heart::party_popper: we dreamt about the day when you'd turn 21 & i'd be 19. it came too fast :crying_face: ... but who you are and where you are today was beyond my wildest expectations! you are an angel my supermodel sister. i love watching you live out your dreams. every kylie needs her kendall 
insta3509 kendall's 21st :party_popper: 
insta3510 obsessed with my 
insta3511 happy halloween! giving away my exclusive metal lipstick "kymajesty" with all orders placed today on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3512 :smirking_face: 
insta3515 diiiiiirty 
insta3516 it's lit!!!! 
insta3517 :skull: 
insta3518 thank you their team, & everyone else who transformed my home and made my vision come to life for my first halloween dead dinner! such an honor to work with such talented people. :kiss_mark: 
insta3519 thanks for joining our dinner tonight :skull: 
insta3520 blondie :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3521 night :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3523 the new drop soon. 
insta3524 night :smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3526 happy birthday kimberly :smiling_face_with_halo: i love you sister :balloon::party_popper: 
insta3529 :waving_hand_medium_skin_tone: 
insta3531 :face_savoring_food: 
insta3535 teaming up with to help them continue to give back :growing_heart: for every pair of diff glasses sold in the next 24 hours, we will be donating two pairs of reading glasses to help those in need. go to diffeyewear.com, check out the gorgeous sunglasses diff has to offer, and help us reach our goal by using my code kingkylie for 25% off your purchase. 
insta3538 :princess_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3539 :sparkles: 
insta3540 i wear my pink for my grandma mj and everyone affected by breast cancer. :revolving_hearts: 
insta3541 my forevers 
insta3545 very excited to be on the cover of and 
insta3546 hi 
insta3551 happy birthday :red_heart: 
insta3552 my 4 new fall lip kits launch next week october 12th 3pm pst :maple_leaf: 
insta3553 morning 
insta3555 chill vibes :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta3556 :eyes: 
insta3557 :unicorn: 
insta3560 rose gold 
insta3561 looking back at turks 
insta3562 :snowflake: 
insta3563 happy sunday :two_hearts: 
insta3564 batmobile 
insta3565 midnight blue hair throwback :blue_heart: 
insta3566 shoes & coat details 
insta3568 baby it's friday :maple_leaf: 
insta3570 i'm very excited to reveal smile, a beautiful pale pink shade that i created in partnership with for 100% of net proceeds will go towards cleft surgery for children in the developing world and i will be presenting a check to them personally. let's do this :growing_heart: october 3rd at 11am pst. 
insta3571 fucking queens :trophy: 
insta3572 :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone::flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3573 birthday vacation throwback 
insta3574 love these watches, check out mvmtwatches.com/kylie to see my favorites :sparkles: use code 'kyliej' for $15 off 
insta3577 a chicken!!!!! 
insta3578 realizing things. 
insta3579 new kyliners available now kyliecosmetics.com link in bio :kiss_mark: 
insta3580 happy birthday :party_popper: 
insta3582 happy almost birthday :star: 
insta3584 blondies 
insta3585 smiling with :grinning_face::kiss_mark: 
insta3586 my new kyliners launch this friday at 1pm pst. 
insta3587 kyshadows on my eyes & brown sugar on my lips 
insta3589 kristen is now our top seller. thanks for all the love on this strawberry lip kit. :strawberry: available now 
insta3591 morning :star: 
insta3592 wearing dolce lip liner $14 and literally gloss $15. available right now on kyliecosmetics.com with free domestic shipping only for 24hours. 
insta3593 i never post black&white photos 
insta3594 wearing leo available right now on kyliecosmetics.com with 
insta3597 i love creative directing my own shoots with can't wait for our next one! 
insta3598 my alter egos. thanks :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta3599 leo is making a comeback this thursday at 10am pst 
insta3600 watch my new video on the kylie jenner official app or thekyliejenner.com right now! find out who knows me best! i also put some exclusive fashion week photos on there! 
insta3601 thanks for the ride 
insta3602 thank you to our friends and for taking care of us for fashion week in nyc :red_apple: 
insta3604 today in new york 15 years later. i was young but i will 9/11. honoring the victims that were lost today and the courageous ones who served. :United_States: 
insta3605 another day another slay by 
insta3606 :yellow_heart: 
insta3608 :grimacing_face::grimacing_face::grimacing_face: 
insta3609 wangsquad 
insta3610 pre-show fittings with alex 
insta3614 vibes today 
insta3615 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3616 barbie blonde :yellow_heart: 
insta3618 kyshadows 
insta3622 morning :star: 
insta3624 :star::star::star: 
insta3625 fresh out the elevator like :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3626 dirty peach 
insta3628 peachy 
insta3629 late night fitting 
insta3630 yeezy 
insta3632 ferrari sunnies 
insta3633 day 2 
insta3634 nyfw 
insta3636 :airplane_arrival:ny 
insta3637 coming soon 
insta3638 happy saturday 
insta3640 black kyliner & copper crème shadow available now. link in bio :star: 
insta3642 :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3643 vibes 
insta3645 your work ethic, kind heart, and dedication inspires me jordy!!! i'm so proud of you and your new ventures. that's my best friend !!! 
insta3648 mini mattes & crème shadows today at 3pm pst. 
insta3649 can't wait for kyshadows to come back tomorrow at 3pm pst. & the birthday collection. 
insta3650 :hourglass_not_done::money_bag: 
insta3654 dirty peach lips. link in bio :peach: 
insta3655 birthday bundle & kyshadows back this wednesday at 3pm. 
insta3658 morning walk 
insta3659 :sun_with_face:day 
insta3661 thanks for 7 million followers on :mouth: 
insta3664 ginger lips. link in bio. 
insta3665 last minute adventures 
insta3666 dirty peach on the lips! still available link in bio. 
insta3669 brown sugar available now. link in bio. 
insta3671 thanks for the velvet goodies. 
insta3672 wearing brown sugar today. my new lip kit launching in 1 hour on kyliecosmetics.com. 
insta3673 brown sugar, love bite, dirty peach available now on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3676 mary jo lips. link in bio :kiss_mark: 
insta3679 the new blue is :fire::fire: love that it’s also for a great cause :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3680 thank you to my flawless best friends for doing this for me, & for making it happen! lips: love bite. new lip kits drop tomorrow 8/26 at 12pm pst. 
insta3681 love bite! the perfect purple mauve. this friday 12pm pst. 
insta3682 brown sugar! i finally achieved the perfect nude for darker skin tones. i love this shade. this friday 12pm pst. 
insta3683 dirty peach! new lip shade launching this friday 12pm pst. 
insta3684 my three new lip kits for have finally been revealed! check out my snapchat and the instagram for more details! launching this friday at 12pm pst! 
insta3685 count your blessings :star: 
insta3687 my collab is almost over, get them while you still can full list 
insta3688 met gala throwback 
insta3689 bronze palette back tomorrow at 3pm pst. 
insta3690 wearing exposed on my lips available now. link in bio :sparkles: 
insta3692 with on set :star: 
insta3694 thanks for the gift of a lovely birthday home, :sparkles: 
insta3695 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3696 :cherries: 
insta3698 :eyes: 
insta3699 turks & caicos :camera_with_flash: 
insta3700 :kiss_mark: 
insta3701 shop now. link in bio. 
insta3702 :blue_heart: 
insta3703 peachy 
insta3705 don't wanna go home 
insta3706 about to wash my face with new facial cleanser exfoliator. it's one of the best cleansers that i've tried! there are no harsh chemicals and i feel like i just had a facial every time. i can't wait to use it tonight :heart_suit: go to www.pureleef.com to see their new product line! 
insta3707 tomorrow!!! kristen, maliboo, ginger back along with the :party_popper: 
insta3708 thanks for all the birthday wishes. best birthday yet :star: 
insta3709 the last time the is ever available! poppin gloss, lord metal, and the makeup bag still in stock!!! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3711 19 & 20 
insta3712 time of my life :star: 
insta3714 blessed :sparkles: 
insta3715 favorite photo of all time lol. 
insta3716 :red_heart:19 
insta3717 :red_heart: 
insta3718 everyone loves minis :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: the collection back tomorrow at 2pm pst ! 
insta3722 makeup bags available right now on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3725 restocking the collection in 40 minutes :smiling_face_with_open_hands: 
insta3728 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3732 sold out!!! wow we had a crazy amount of people on the website today did not expect this! thank you for all the love it inspires me and motivates me to always do the best i can for you guys and continue to come out with the coolest and best quality makeup! don't worry if you missed out we will be back this thursday at 1pm. 
insta3737 introducing, crème shadows. copper & rose gold. 
insta3738 wearing my leo lip kit tonight :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: available tomorrow 3pm pst 
insta3739 my birthday collection!!! available tomorrow at 3pm pst until my birthday, august 10th! wanted to do something fun and find a way to all celebrate my birthday together. more details and swatches are on my snapchat! 
insta3740 make sure to stay tuned on my snapchat tomorrow :) i'm unwrapping the next surprise. 
insta3741 mom duty 
insta3742 i love sharing my beauty secrets with you guys and this is a favourite! helps to maintain and accentuate my curves and is one of the best quality waist trainers i have used. visit www.waisttrainer.co.nz and use my code kylie for a discount 
insta3743 my baby sold out again in 1 minute :tired_face: thank you guys for the love & support. follow to stay updated on the next restock! and happy national lipstick day! 
insta3744 :dizzy: 
insta3745 i'll be 19 in 2 weeks :crying_face: 
insta3746 kylie & kimberly 
insta3748 available right now on kyliecosmetics.com left to right: maliboo, exposed, ginger, dolce 
insta3749 omgggggg my kyshadow palette sold out in 1 minute!!!!!!!! this is crazy!!! thank you thank you!!!!!!!!!! i'm sorry to disappoint anyone that couldn't get it. we will be back this friday with more bronze palettes! 
insta3751 my favorite :two_hearts: use code ‘kylie’ for $15 off at mvmtwatches.com/kylie 
insta3754 i had beyond a fun time today hand delivering my brand new kyshadow palette before it launches to some of the biggest supporters! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta3755 bronze palette 
insta3756 yay!!!!! months in the making and i'm so happy my is finally here!!! wow. thank you to everyone for supporting me throughout my journey. one step closer to my dreams of having a full cosmetic line and you are the reason. go to thekyliejenner.com to watch an introduction to my bronze palette and an exclusive makeup tutorial by using the also check out my snapchat to watch me show you how i use my palette. ....and want to know when i'm launching? stay tuned on instagram! it's sooner than you think! ;) 
insta3760 just in case you forgot 
insta3761 ootd 
insta3764 complete the summer collection tomorrow 2:30pm pst on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3765 new pumas > 
insta3767 king 
insta3768 front cam snap selfies 
insta3769 :dizzy: 
insta3770 morning :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3771 just added maliboo, ginger, and kristen to my collection :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: maliboo & kristen are launching tomorrow 7/20 3pm pst. ginger is coming this friday :face_savoring_food: 
insta3772 :smirking_face: 
insta3773 kristen! :strawberry: 
insta3774 kristen • maliboo • ginger 
insta3775 head over to page or my snapchat to get all the details about my new lip kit colors launching next week :face_savoring_food: 
insta3777 wearing blue today to support the end to bullying limited signature charity sets now on auction all proceeds go to and thanks everyone for joining me for this event today! www.charitybuzz.com/sinfulcolors 
insta3779 :tongue: 
insta3780 fresh faced on 
insta3781 thank you 
insta3782 thank you mag for honoring me with the august cover! 
insta3783 miss my angels :dog_face: 
insta3784 find out the best lip kit shade for your skin tone in this new video posted on my app! most of my mattes are available on kyliecosmetics.com :face_savoring_food: thank you ladies. link in bio! 
insta3785 throwback 
insta3786 makeup :check_mark: hair :cross_mark: 
insta3787 :globe_showing_Europe-Africa: 
insta3788 away 
insta3789 missing home :house_with_garden: 
insta3790 watch show you how he shapes my brows in my new eyebrow tutorial exclusively on my app! link in my bio. 
insta3791 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3794 first surprise of the summer! my 4 new glosses inspired by my existing matte shades. top to bottom: koko gloss, exposed gloss, candy gloss, posie gloss. launching next week july 15th :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3795 morning :tangerine: 
insta3796 hey bestie :kiss_woman_woman: 
insta3797 when you show up in the same dress :smirking_face: 
insta3798 :hamburger: 
insta3800 i can't believe this was almost a year ago :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3801 happy 4th of july! store is still stocked & open as planned :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: i hope everyone has an amazing and safe 4th! :party_popper: 
insta3802 :woman_light_skin_tone::girl_light_skin_tone: 
insta3804 when you're a little too excited about your huge lip kit restock tomorrow :smiling_face_with_open_hands: 
insta3805 throwing it back with and the 
insta3807 us :two_hearts: 
insta3808 factory day! making sure everything is perfect for july. can't wait to expand my cosmetic line. 
insta3809 ridin around and gettin it 
insta3812 happy bday tiff :kiss_mark: 
insta3813 mary jo k 
insta3815 out of place 
insta3816 which one is for you? :smiling_face: available right now on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3817 :crown: 
insta3819 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3823 i'm so proud of my collection so far :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thank you for these swatches! check out her page to see which shade is which! 
insta3826 posie k available on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3827 mary jo k available on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3828 koko available on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta3829 :smirking_face: 
insta3831 candy & dolce lip 
insta3832 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3833 baby 
insta3835 follow to stay updated on my next restock coming soon. dead of knight / kymajesty :kiss_mark: 
insta3836 happy father's day to this incredible soul 
insta3837 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta3838 when u know what each others thinkin' with just one look 
insta3839 mali boo 
insta3840 beeestiiiieeesssss 
insta3841 birthday girls :party_popper: 
insta3843 kids party 
insta3847 he knows 
insta3848 very proud of the tiny bit of green in my eyes. brown eyed girls know .. 
insta3849 pleasure 
insta3850 them girls they just wanna take your mooonneeyyyyy 
insta3851 miss my sister 
insta3852 if you know the spot.. then you know 
insta3854 i curated sets of 6 of my favorite shades online and 
insta3855 majesty• 2 days 
insta3856 all i need in this life of sin :couple_with_heart_woman_woman: 
insta3857 thinking of orlando. a huge reminder to not worry about the trivial things in life and to appreciate every second with the ones you love. 
insta3860 are you guys ready for majesty? 6/16 
insta3861 the trio :family_man_woman_girl: we miss you 
insta3863 in honor of launching today.. i put behind the scenes polaroids from the shoot on my app! link in bio! 
insta3865 :locked: candy k on the lips 
insta3866 happy birthday to my baby from the beginning 
insta3867 i did it for her :smirking_face: back when i only dreamed of having my own lip line. 16 yr old me would be so proud :crying_face: this new kit is so important to me 
insta3869 this friday 
insta3870 shoot :camera: by coming this friday 
insta3871 dead of knight this shade is for you guys! when i asked what lip kit you would love to see next for kylie cosmetics the majority of you surprisingly said black! so before i release kymajesty... my black lip kit is coming this friday! 
insta3872 thank you for all of the love and support today. biggest restock we've had yet :kiss_mark: so blessed! 
insta3873 hello 
insta3874 love my watch :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: get yours with my code kylie for 15% off on danielwellington.com 
insta3877 :person_swimming_medium-light_skin_tone::person_swimming_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3879 real friends 
insta3880 a brunette and a blonde 
insta3881 :relieved_face: 
insta3882 this is a serious harry/kylie throwback! happy birthday to my best friend for real. you've showed me how to love life and find beauty within everything :woman_and_man_holding_hands: i hope everyone gets a chance to have a harry in their life. i love you :glowing_star: 
insta3883 bless u :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta3884 :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3886 swim june 9th! 
insta3889 swim 
insta3890 kendall+kylie swim for topshop. 
insta3891 new kimojis launch tomorrow :winking_face: 
insta3894 girls girls girls 
insta3896 :cherries: 
insta3898 new to me and this is new to you 
insta3900 dolce k on the lips 
insta3904 i can feel you everywhere 
insta3905 :angry_face_with_horns: 
insta3908 now has free delivery! a cool app where you can buy/sell luxury brand items directly from your mobile device. get the app today and peak into my w/ userid: 134284 
insta3912 sleeping on em boy i'm sleeeeepy 
insta3913 little lady 
insta3914 pretty much 
insta3915 who wants to know all of wig tricks? on my app right now!!! 
insta3916 :tongue: 
insta3918 kylie blue 
insta3919 summer looks! now in stores 
insta3921 :baby_medium_skin_tone::baby_light_skin_tone::baby_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta3923 :ZZZ: 
insta3924 favorite finds 
insta3926 new new 
insta3928 details 
insta3930 just got this photo of my mom in the 80s framed for my home. my inspiration :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta3932 new episode of cooking with kylie on my app right! with guests & link in my bio :kiss_mark: 
insta3935 monday :sleeping_face: 
insta3936 thank you kia for my newest edition 
insta3937 you're so beautiful :red_heart: 
insta3938 throwback 
insta3939 when you just like the same things.. 
insta3942 ebay auction for children's hospital:red_heart: link is in my bio 
insta3944 "act natural" 
insta3947 natural habitat 
insta3948 downtown whippin on the way to you 
insta3949 had fun today at :sparkles: 
insta3950 :eyes: 
insta3951 happy mothers day 
insta3954 cyber friday 
insta3956 woman crush friday 
insta3958 us showing up at your house tryna purge 
insta3960 new shade alert! check my snapchat for more. 
insta3962 vogue.com 
insta3963 my met behind the scenes on vogue.com 
insta3964 favorite person :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta3967 normal 
insta3968 bye ny 
insta3969 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta3970 60 million :face_screaming_in_fear::face_screaming_in_fear::face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta3971 :tongue::tongue: 
insta3972 shoot day 
insta3973 big homie betta grow up 
insta3974 last night was a dream :kiss_mark: 
insta3975 family :family_woman_woman_girl: 
insta3976 the after party 
insta3979 the back 
insta3980 the front 
insta3981 push through 
insta3983 my first met 
insta3985 yew nork 
insta3986 céline 
insta3987 m 
insta3990 my sister sister. 
insta3991 what color would you like to see next for ? 
insta3993 june cover 
insta3994 my kind of ring 
insta3997 using before my shoots is my favorite :smiling_face: 
insta3998 guiltyyyyy:weary_face: 
insta3999 honey :eyes: 
insta4000 they don't love you like i love you 
insta4001 fun day shooting for kendall&kylie swim 
insta4002 shooting kendall&kylie swim for topshop. coming soooon :face_savoring_food: 
insta4003 gotta bring the blonde back :yellow_heart: 
insta4004 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4005 :sparkles: 
insta4006 i'm obsessed with vitamins! i put a lot of stress on my hair and these bears make my natural hair look and feel amazing! :face_savoring_food: plus they are delicious :bear: 
insta4009 beautiful sunday :sun_with_face: 
insta4010 :money-mouth_face: 
insta4011 accessories :yellow_heart: 
insta4012 sister time 
insta4014 mag throwback with wearing true brown by 
insta4015 :face_savoring_food::tongue: 
insta4016 throwback :woman_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4017 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4018 :folded_hands_light_skin_tone: 
insta4021 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4022 check out all the polaroids we took over the weekend on my app right now. link in bio! 
insta4023 king k metallic matte, so cute gloss, and candy k liquid matte lip. which one would you choose? update: the next restock won't be for another week. xo 
insta4025 :rainbow::yellow_heart: 
insta4026 hair :rainbow: 
insta4028 :money-mouth_face: 
insta4030 metallic matte heir on the lips 
insta4033 rainbow braids :rainbow: 
insta4037 crashing set 
insta4039 simple :peach: 
insta4041 peach 
insta4042 bestfriends 
insta4043 throwback to the gloss video 
insta4044 my girls :kiss_mark: 
insta4045 vibe 
insta4047 :smirking_face: 
insta4049 girls room 
insta4050 legs :yellow_heart: 
insta4052 cover girls :kiss_mark: 
insta4053 side eye 
insta4055 baby doll 
insta4056 tonight 
insta4057 outtake 
insta4058 1 day 2 covers. thank you 
insta4059 wow wow wow. :folded_hands_light_skin_tone: lucky number 18 
insta4061 another one :weary_cat: my cover for issue!!!!!!! 
insta4062 king norman 
insta4063 my trend matters satin shades are now full deets 
insta4067 count your blessings :dizzy: 
insta4068 can you guess my favorite color 
insta4069 :cloud_with_rain: 
insta4071 bvlgari/cartier :tongue: 
insta4072 outfit details on my app right now. link in bio :mouth: 
insta4073 playing the kendall&kylie game! find it in the app store. i'm so addicted :tired_face: 
insta4074 i love you, mom :yellow_heart: 
insta4075 :money-mouth_face::money-mouth_face::money-mouth_face::money-mouth_face: 
insta4076 life is g:eyes:d 
insta4077 check out my app for a step by step on recreating this look. link in bio. 
insta4081 kris jenner vibes 
insta4085 wow wow wow my cover (:face_screaming_in_fear:) on newsstands 4/12. this is so amazing. photographed by styled by (and yes my eyes and lips are edited to look bigger) :blue_heart: 
insta4086 throwback 
insta4088 7 girls . one bathroom 
insta4089 my kinda guy 
insta4091 getaway :sunflower: 
insta4092 the trio 
insta4093 my new trend matters velvet collection is full deets 
insta4094 behind the scenes of my glosses video on my app & thekyliejenner.com 
insta4097 birthday babies 
insta4098 reds my favorite. get them now 
insta4099 available now 
insta4100 rest in peace and love :red_heart: 
insta4102 thank you link in bio 
insta4103 gloss video in my bio :red_heart: 
insta4104 gloss 
insta4105 glosses video link in bio 
insta4106 4/1 
insta4107 flex your fierce side :flexed_biceps_medium_skin_tone: available april 1st 
insta4108 watch my new so down video on my app right now! link in bio! 
insta4109 find my king kylie collection near you… go to for stores 
insta4110 nails nails :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4111 :blue_heart: 
insta4112 :blue_heart: 
insta4114 56 million :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta4115 chunky 
insta4116 i love my new little purse :blue_heart: 
insta4117 ugh instagram if it's not broke don't fix it! instagram is changing out of chronological order :pensive_face: so let's say you love someone's photos but don't physically "like" their pics they will bump them to the bottom. it's called instagram for a reason. i don't really understand it and there has to be another motive because you follow people for a reason.. i'm trying to see everyone's pics. that's why you created the unfollow button if u don't want to see their photos. i hate this new update is slowly trying to introduce & yes it's true they warned us all a few weeks ago. 
insta4118 you know me you know i love my .. gives you that extra boost to stay fit & feel good :folded_hands_light_skin_tone: 
insta4119 easter slides 
insta4120 :purple_heart::yellow_heart::green_heart::growing_heart: 
insta4121 easter throwbacks on my app. link in bio! 
insta4122 goodnight :yellow_heart: 
insta4124 love this. navy blue :blue_heart: 
insta4125 his & hers / 488 & 458 
insta4127 shmoood 
insta4128 morning :princess_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4129 peekaboo. goodnight :yellow_heart: 
insta4130 last night 
insta4131 head to toe 
insta4132 sneak peek 
insta4134 :sleeping_face: 
insta4137 new shade 
insta4139 now we have 8 :face_savoring_food: 
insta4142 champion 
insta4143 i feel like pablo 
insta4144 it's all about the presentation :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thanks for the pic 
insta4145 this is how i feel about 55 million 
insta4146 harry potter world round 2 
insta4150 love for shiny & longer hair. oh and best part... they taste amazing! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::person_tipping_hand: 
insta4153 :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone::baby_angel_light_skin_tone: 
insta4155 versace versace 
insta4156 if u guys don't know why im the queen of all snapchat.. watch now lol - kylizzlemynizzl 
insta4159 my little babies :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4160 new color alert 
insta4161 omg 
insta4162 happy saint patrick's day & happy birthday bobert :green_heart: 
insta4163 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4164 want to know exactly what i wore last night? on my app right now! and you can purchase straight from there. link in bio! 
insta4165 :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta4166 having sisters > 
insta4167 game shoes 
insta4169 almost done! u guys have to check him out for tats if you're in the la area 
insta4170 update alert! 
insta4171 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::expressionless_face: 
insta4172 team adventures 
insta4173 can't get over these flowers :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4176 excited to reveal my campaign for the fierce, a lightweight trainer with zero excuses, available starting 4/1 on puma.com, puma retail stores, and select retailers worldwide. the next level starts here 
insta4177 candy on the lips 
insta4178 relaxing with lil p 
insta4179 midnight blue 
insta4180 hey babe 
insta4183 54 million :tongue: 
insta4184 later florida :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: harry put ur pants on 
insta4185 :smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta4186 navy :blue_heart: 
insta4187 i love orlando (lmfao someone said my shadow looks like a horse. i'm dead) 
insta4189 update! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: who's playing? look up kendall kylie game in the app store 
insta4190 thanks disney :red_heart: 
insta4192 how are we not sick of each other yet.. is that true love? 
insta4195 thanks for treating my friends and i today. 
insta4196 :crown: 
insta4198 stole mini me out of her bed this morning! she's never been on a plane! and she still doesn't know where she's going. hehe she was suppose to run the mile today at school. 
insta4199 take off :airplane_departure: 
insta4200 fly away my friend 
insta4201 international women's day 
insta4202 saw someone comment why i don't embrace my freckles anymore. so here's a freckle appreciation post 
insta4204 we sold out in 15 minutes today! and we only keep making more every time! thank you for all the love and support, i will keep bringing beautiful and amazing quality products to you guys! hehe i have something fun in store for you guys coming very soon. & if you missed out this time.. all updates and restock info will always be posted on my app. the link for my app is in my bio. i love you guys! we did it! 
insta4205 a new behind the scenes video is up on my app! the link is in my bio! watch me talk all about my nail polishes with 
insta4206 how am i so addicted to this game :tired_face: 
insta4207 :baby_light_skin_tone: 
insta4208 my birthday dress :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4209 protector :baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4210 you give me sanity 
insta4211 waves don't die baby 
insta4213 :crown: 
insta4214 can this be my mood always 
insta4217 shoe of the day 
insta4219 puma vs. puma 
insta4220 came down to la jolla to visit mj at her shop. my :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: she's so fly 
insta4221 i want to take a minute to show my appreciation to this haircare line that i've been using for the past month or so. the more i use the more i keep falling in love with the way my hair feels and looks! it is amazing how well the products have been performing on my hair and boosting my natural shine. my hair feels healthy, light, and i love the unbeatable fresh feeling. good job guys can't wait to see what they come up with next. :key: 
insta4224 i'm sorry she's just so cool 
insta4225 throwback 
insta4226 22 
insta4227 koko, candy, posie, dolce 
insta4230 today's finds 
insta4233 cause we are sistersss :musical_notes: 
insta4234 she matches my fly 
insta4235 reason 100 why i love la 
insta4237 my new shade by ! who can guess the name? 
insta4238 my looks from the :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: link is in my bio to play 
insta4240 a few of my polishes available now left to right kryptonite, kovet, kreme de la kreme, kommando, & minty fresh. had to add in my signature teal and mint green! 
insta4242 very excited to finally say my new king kylie kollection is out tomorrow in stores …full details 
insta4244 i love this! please read this. small people will always bring you down. "i got to spend these last 2 days doing nothing but therapy appointments. after speaking to a middle school today one of the girls asked me doesn't it make you really tired? my answer was no actually the quite opposite. what gets tiring is sitting all day. not moving and being in one spot, that makes you tired. when i leave therapy after a couple hours of giving it all i got, i feel more alive than anything. i thank god for these appointments and pieces of equipment and hands on deck that move my body. you know, as i sit here and think to myself, i want to encourage you to just try and be grateful for even all the little things. to try and think of all the small things that have carried you through. to enjoy all of the moments. to find those things, whether few or many, that give you a sense of purpose. it's different for all of us. and isn't that the coolest part? that we are all so different yet searching for the same thing? it blows my mind. don't let people bring you down, small people do that. find those ones that want to lift you up, those that want to carry you on their journey of success. so you too can carry people on yours. whether it's a mistake, tragedy, loss, or just life running it's course that has brought you to the here and now, i hope you can find peace in your current circumstance. i hope you go to bed tonight and wake up tomorrow morning ready to attack the day with enthusiasm. even if it carries grief, let that grief fuel your greatness :sparkles: past mistakes | paralyzed" 
insta4245 i wish i could've been as confident as you are. you are super inspiring to me. the scars on my face. i have been bullied my entire life because of them. i was born different and that doesn't matter to me anymore. i'm proud of who i am and there is no shame of it. 
insta4246 throwback 
insta4247 sent me this from back home.. my babieeess 
insta4248 baby bosses in head to toe 
insta4250 relaxing with a cup of after a very long couple of a days. fitness isn't always easy but these results are worth it! 
insta4252 grandmothers name in my grandfathers handwriting 
insta4253 currently playing :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: link in bio 
insta4255 rob is a spitting image of his dad. i love this pic.. happy birthday robert :blue_heart: 
insta4258 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4259 mood. (faux) 
insta4260 why mom? why u always gotta 1 up me 
insta4261 king ky 
insta4264 behind the scenes of my cover shoot is on the kylie jenner official app right now! 
insta4265 family :locked: 
insta4266 idc i look fly link in bio to play 
insta4267 oh and this snapchat geolense :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4268 hey guys, remember app? where you can buy and sell your no longer loved designer clothing? well i've just added more items! download the app now and check me out. user id 134284 
insta4269 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4271 this pic is sus 
insta4272 no shame in my selfie game 
insta4273 we are number 1 people!!!!!! !!!!!! 
insta4274 guys look who i just met ;) link in my bio 
insta4275 its here! the kendall and kylie game is now available in the app store!!!!!! type in kendall and kylie game :face_savoring_food: about to play right now. link in bio 
insta4276 guys i'm really excited about my new glam videos! i made them longer & easier to understand so hopefully you guys can learn some good tips. the first one is up now on my app! 
insta4278 my new cover for for their spring fame issue! on newsstands in london soon! i love how different this cover 
insta4279 i'm wearing candy and koko and jordyn may be wearing a new color ;) 
insta4283 night night 
insta4285 who's catching all my new hair tutorials on my app? link in bio 
insta4288 perfect day 
insta4289 heli ride :two_hearts: 
insta4291 happy vday 
insta4292 happy vday 
insta4293 happy vday 
insta4298 vday shopping 
insta4305 throwback last fashion week 
insta4306 it's coming ;)... 
insta4307 trio in new york 
insta4309 let it go 
insta4311 fitting 
insta4313 thanks 
insta4315 starbucks tho 
insta4320 last night wearing my purple at nyfw in support of the alzheimer’s association. together, we can 
insta4322 damn daniel 
insta4324 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4326 fam 
insta4327 reunited 
insta4328 harry & kylie sittin in a tree 
insta4329 i have the perfect valentines suggestion for you guys! products have worked for me and i have a busy schedule but i do take my jar everywhere i go. it's not a process that happens overnight, i have been using consistently for a while now to maintain my results. natural butt and breast enhancement products are effective with no negative side effects. what a perfect gift this valentines day! my discount code for 15% off is starting now for 24 hours only ( kingkylie ) go to :backhand_index_pointing_right: www.pureleef.com 
insta4330 with 
insta4331 one of my favorite photos from wearing true brown by 
insta4334 behind the selfie 
insta4335 they stuck with me for life. they know entirely too much. 
insta4337 your orders are currently being shipped 
insta4338 sold out 
insta4339 i can't wait to announce 
insta4341 sisters 
insta4343 supporting tonight 
insta4344 i'm so excited to hold all 6 of my shades! left to right: mary jo, koko, posie, true brown, candy, dolce 
insta4345 just opened up the first package! :face_savoring_food: the release is closer than you think 
insta4347 50 million :eyes: 
insta4351 shoutout to him 
insta4352 make sure you watch at 10pm tonight on me and stopped by to chat with 
insta4355 mary jo, posie, candy, dolce 
insta4357 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4358 we belong together ck2 
insta4360 could this be a new lip kit color? ;) 
insta4361 you're cute 
insta4362 :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta4366 bed all day 
insta4367 :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4370 bring your puppy to work day 
insta4371 vibes 
insta4372 you guys already know how much i love his music lol 
insta4373 check out the first few pieces on my app too x 
insta4374 new video up on my app! how i feel about relationships :face_savoring_food: link in bio 
insta4375 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4376 leather on leather 
insta4377 true brown k 
insta4380 growth & positivity :red_heart: "2016 will be the year of positivity....starting with body positivity :flexed_biceps_medium_skin_tone: i used to see myself filled with flaws and i never really understood the good within me. for example, i always hated my smile. i never had perfect teeth and my jaw is slightly cricked. or how i am embedded with acne scars on my face and back. or how i saw myself entirely in the mirror. compared to what i've seen on social media, i never felt real. or the countless other reasons. we are truly our worst critics. but i feel the older i am, the more i start to grow and the more comfortable i become in my own skin. so let this year be another year of growth and positivity. what i see. 
insta4381 dolce :red_heart: the reason i named one of my first lip kits "dolce k" throwbacks on my app link in bio 
insta4382 my sister love video is up on my app :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: what i have to say about being compared to queen kimberly. link in my bio! 
insta4384 christian dior 
insta4386 reads so far this year 
insta4387 thank you for making my glam room bathroom beautiful as can be :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4392 84 weeks ago 
insta4394 4:49 
insta4397 vintage on vintage 
insta4398 makeup by me :red_heart: 
insta4400 shoutout to jordyn that's my bitch cuz she tells me everything 
insta4401 thanks for 1 million followers! i've been dreaming and working on this for two entire years and the experience has been even better than i imagined! thank you thank you thank you! 
insta4404 the sunrise this morning 
insta4407 77 weeks ago 
insta4408 guys remember an app where you can sell/buy high end items. selling more of my stuff on there! get the app & check it out my id: 134284 
insta4411 :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta4412 bringing em back out 
insta4414 night night 
insta4416 black velvet 
insta4422 the offices. wearing our shoes and dress coming this spring! 
insta4424 4am with bae 
insta4425 shooting for our clothing lines today :red_heart: stay tuned in the spring x 
insta4426 wow this story! thank you "the first photo was taken when i was at my lowest weight, 69lbs. the photo next to it is one of my recent photo shoots. i'm christina. i've been blessed with incredibly supportive friends and family. lately, things have been amazing. but there's been multiple times where things haven't been. i was born with congenial pulmonary lymph angestia; a rare lung condition that at the time of my diagnosis, there were 20 people in my state that had ever had it. at the time of my diagnosis, the disease had a 97% morality rate in infants. i weighed 3 pounds and 6 ounces. my lungs weren't fully developed and they were filled with mucus. i was in the icu for about six months before i was able to go home. at home, i had a heart monitor for my younger years, as well as frequent hospital trips caused by extreme difficulty breathing and physical developmental issues. when i was 16 until i was 19, i had to drop out of high school and become homeschooled because i got so sick. i couldn't keep food down (the mucus in my stomach was affected as well, which we didn't know about.), i couldn't breathe, and i was 69lbs. i was so depressed and suicidal because i felt so terrible constantly. waking up was hell. i was on about eight medications and eventually had toxic shock from all the medicine. eventually, they found out that digestive enzymes helped and a treatment that finally started working for me. at my lowest points, i was heavily involved in self harm. i have post traumatic stress disorder from my time in and out of the hospital. i have nightmares about being in there. i lost a lot of my friends and my self confidence plummeted. i couldn't look in the mirror without crying, and truly thought that i would be better off dead and that people would be happier without such a lieability. the depression and anxiety still fights me. i'm not always put together. and my disease flares up, a lot, usually at inconvient times. but my illness and my past. we are all more than what we seem. everyone has their struggles, so be mindful and be kind" 
insta4427 i think you're pretty cool :face_savoring_food: "let's try this one more time as i am only sharing this so people like me or parents who have kids like me no they are not alone and so they can see how it truly is out there ... walk with my head held high even tho these words are stuck to my heart ! a lot of people may not understand my message but it's the way i see life : as much as i walk with my head held high all the time i am only human and can only take so much. being gay, lesbian, bisexual , transgender in this world isn't the easiest thing at all . we are often bullied , killed , or even pressured into killing ourselves "suicide". i try to never let these words get to me but trust me these hurt and sink into your heart more then i think getting beat up . i try to not let it bother me but at the end of the day i sometimes just crawl up my bed and cry my eyes out and asking god for this world to be a much better , understanding and safe place . love has no gender we are all entitled to our own opinions but if your opinion is going to hurt someone's soul please keep it to yourself , i beg of you . faggot you see at the club the queer at the mall the joto at the restaurant , the homo at the gym , the tranny that you say is trying to hard in life and will never be a woman .... "thing" you make fun of on social media 
insta4428 i look at stories all day that inspire and encourage me. is a way to share these stories with you guys in hopes that it could help you too. bullying other people is not the answer. be kind to everybody. you are the dopest for this thanks for sharing.... "this is 100% me. no filter, no photoshop, no caked on makeup. just my natural, covered in scars, self. the most pure form of beauty. and i'm happy with it. :relieved_face: as long as i think i'm beautiful, nothing or anyone else's opinion matters. 
insta4433 fam 
insta4434 earlier 
insta4435 meetings 
insta4438 very excited to share with you one out of three of my new colors for my valentine collection coming up. i've been working on a new very exclusive formula that i have absolutely fell in love with.. but now i need your help on picking a name for this beauty! go over to for more info! 
insta4440 new video up on thekyliejenner.com & on my app. answering all your new years questions! link in bio. 
insta4441 blondie 
insta4445 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4447 the party & the after party 
insta4448 happy 
insta4449 copped em 
insta4451 vibes 
insta4454 i look like kylie jenner tonight 
insta4457 friday's :face_savoring_food: 
insta4459 thank you 
insta4460 testing new colors 
insta4461 back to the roots 
insta4467 lil babies 
insta4471 video by coming soon 
insta4474 matte brown 
insta4475 behind the scenes 
insta4476 behind the scenes 
insta4480 what an amazing way to start off the new year. ahhh! my february cover of shot by hair by makeup by 
insta4481 2015 recap 
insta4483 my beautiful :red_heart: 
insta4484 all red. 
insta4485 1 billion likes in 2015 :flushed_face: 
insta4486 when in doubt.. little black dress 
insta4487 grey 
insta4490 exclusive pics from christmas on my app right now. link in bio :red_heart: 
insta4492 i love this morning inspiration .. social media too :) "your own kind of beautiful:blue_heart: social media will fuck you up, we keep comparing ourselves to the people we see on our timeline. comparisons will drive you crazy, in order to be happy with you- you have to stop comparing yourself to others. the comparisons are false:weary_face: we keep comparing ourselves to an image! we all post our best images it's our highlight reel. stop comparing our behind the scenes to someone else's highlight reel. no one is exempt! social media only shows the filtered version of our lives, the perfect selfie from that perfect angle. be patient with your life and your path~ flowers don't grow at the same speed:sheaf_of_rice: just some monday inspo for you:kiss_mark: social media social media bare face just wearing dip brow in "chocolate" :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4493 :Santa_Claus_medium_skin_tone: 
insta4494 me, my mom, and a photobomb 
insta4496 i love you liz 
insta4497 like mother like daughter 
insta4498 most beautiful christmas gift ever! merry christmas eve 
insta4499 christmas throwback on my app :red_heart: thekyliejenner.com 
insta4500 thank you 
insta4501 thirsty 
insta4502 a good 2015 throwback. 
insta4504 my kids. killin it. 
insta4505 the company you keep :two_hearts: 
insta4506 2nd video is now up on the kylie jenner official app & thekyliejenner.com! i learned some tips myself :smiling_face: thanks 
insta4507 jordys room 
insta4508 the spot 
insta4509 my lady friends for life 
insta4510 a victim of rape. i'm a survivor. this is my story. with domestic violence being such a big issue in australia at the moment. i thought i would share my story in hope that it will inspire at least one person to get help. i was with my ex partner for just over a year, things were great..at the start. until he got addicted and started to rely heavily on the drug crystal meth. that's when things started to get abusive and extremely violent and i started to lie to my friends that i wasn't seeing him, because they knew how abusive he was. i had to cover marks and bruises with make up. i refused to believe that he was an unstable person, and believed that i could change him, but i couldn't. one day we went out to a club and he drugged me, i woke up tied to a bed and was gang raped by him and 7 other people. he made me believe that i deserved the abuse and i would take it. towards the end of the relationship he called me telling me to go to his house because there was some type of emergency. i went and found him having sexual intercourse with another male. that should have been the end of it right? though a couple weeks later he texted me saying to meet me at his house because he wanted to apologise for everything that he did..stupidly i went, as soon as i arrived he grabbed the back of my head and smashed it into a brick wall, whilst choking me he forced himself on me. i didn't tell my parents about the abuse until about a year later, and told my friends that i managed to get him off me because that's what i wanted to believe. though no one should be ashamed of domestic violence and rape. it's never your fault and you should always speak up and help is out there. if you have experienced and are going through something similar, please don't hesitate to seek help. if you would like support and someone to talk to don't hesitate to call beyondblue support service on 1300 22 46 36. if you are in an emergency call 000 straight away and ask for police. never think your alone and help isn't available. your not a victim your a survivor. depression, anxiety, ptsd. 
insta4511 punk 
insta4513 shoutout 
insta4514 babe lookin good 
insta4515 my favorite easy holiday maroon look by is now up on the kylie jenner official app & thekyliejenner.com :red_heart: 
insta4516 first workout with this lady has been working hard! :flexed_biceps_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4517 cyber friday 
insta4518 :smiling_face: 
insta4520 i'm obsessed with this holiday look did on my app! and thekyliejenner.com i can't get over it!!! this whole week! 
insta4521 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4522 my jumpsuit is the most comfy thing ever! use code kylie at onepiece.com for $25 off a onesie. (link in bio) and, if you comment this post with the link of your favorite product from onepiece.com, you might win it ;) 
insta4523 brazilian baby 
insta4525 life 
insta4527 goodnight gram 
insta4528 my what's in my bag video is up on my app & thekyliejenner.com!!!! no filter lol. links are in my bio. 
insta4529 with & shot by styled by 
insta4530 feeling the new capsule collection – love this look! 
insta4532 posted up with my babes getting our waists right with :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: get your cute little holiday trainer from whatsawaist.com :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4533 morning :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4535 'tis the season 
insta4537 proud of you too :red_heart: my weight. from my freshman year of high school to my junior year, i went from being a healthy 5'6" and 120 pounds to being 80 pounds. i was struggling through my parents divorce and a really bad breakup. it led to anorexia which was one of the hardest things in my life to overcome so far. i was so skinny, if i laid down, you could see and feel my organs in my stomach. at the same time i was dealing with so much anxiety and depression that i could not even think straight. i hope no one ever has to go through the same struggles as myself. because of my anorexia my family became concerned for me and instead of them trying to find help for me, they just pointed out my obvious weight loss to the point where i would feel even worse about myself. all these issues caused me to become extremely ill by my junior year and i was hospitalized 4 or 5 times that year do to malnutrition. something snapped in me by the end of my junior year to the point where i just had to change myself or my life was going to go down the drain. i have gained my weight back to 120, but now i have to go through the struggle of people pointing out my weight gain, they are mostly good comments, but i still struggle at seeing myself at the weight i want to be. i look at pictures of myself from 4 years ago and say "man i was skinny then" and then i have to remind myself, no i was unhealthy. trying to see myself as healthy is hard, but i am thankful for my friends who helped me out of the bad place i was in. i hope this helps others who are struggling with similar issues as mine." 
insta4539 yeezy 
insta4540 still going link in bio 
insta4541 i'm going live on kylie radio right now with and link in my bio! 
insta4542 best friends wearing in candy k & in dolce k! 
insta4543 tune into nbc tonight at 8 to see the christmas special :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4544 vibes 
insta4545 strong looks better naked :face_with_crossed-out_eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: everyone go cop my big sisters book! i'm so proud of you sprinkle 
insta4546 first friend christmas dinner at the house :red_heart: 
insta4547 baby 
insta4548 ok guys my amazing life changing dermatologist is going to start giving skincare tips on my app!!! christie kidd's first video is up right now!! on the kylie jenner official app and thekyliejenner.com 
insta4549 i love my scar 
insta4550 selling some of my things on this new app where you can buy/sell high end items directly from your mobile device. it is really easy to use! get the app and check me out on userid: 134284 
insta4551 :honey_pot: 
insta4552 bestie vibes 
insta4553 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4554 matching with day 1 
insta4555 not smiling makes me smile 
insta4556 "i loveeee my friends" 
insta4559 party 
insta4560 lil babies 
insta4561 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4562 :crying_face: more coming very sooooon :flushed_face::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta4564 squad 
insta4566 lil babies 
insta4567 my beautiful website could've never happened without and the awesome ultrabrand.com :red_heart: thank u so much!! 
insta4568 early :airplane: 
insta4570 two new videos up on thekyliejenner.com and the official kylie jenner app! video on how i care for my puppies and an inside look on how my fittings go with 
insta4571 i am obsessed!!!!!! thank you so much sam & megan. i don't want to eat them they are so pretty!!!!!!! this has been such an amazing journey i'm so excited for what's to come! 
insta4572 clothes errwhere 
insta4573 :face_savoring_food: 
insta4574 throwback :red_heart: 
insta4579 throwback to my love supporting me on the shoot. was there too i could never forget u baby boo x 
insta4581 plastic doll vibes ;) pulling my face back with tape all day was much worth it for this amazing art cover of with & so dope!!!! 
insta4582 don't you just love sriracha bottles 
insta4583 drama is for you 
insta4584 after hours 
insta4585 i am obsessed with ellen!!!!!! airs in 5 minutes!!!!!! 
insta4586 :green_heart: what an amazing day. more to come before christmas x 
insta4587 wow. been dreaming of this day for 2 years now. this was a long process but an amazing one! visiting the factories and sitting with the amazing chemists creating the perfect colors and formulas for you guys! this is all me and i put my everything into these lip kits. i hope you guys love them as much as i do. definitely more to come. i only hope for it to get better. enjoy. lipkitbykylie.com link in bio. 
insta4588 true brown k 
insta4589 candy k 
insta4590 dolce k 
insta4591 i miss the blonde :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4592 my lip liners :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: go to to find out more on how to get them! 
insta4593 my matte liquid lip bottles :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: go to for an update on how to get them. 
insta4594 22 hours. dolce k, candy k, true brown k 
insta4596 i try to do a cop my style everyday on my app! sharing where i get all my clothes and looks for less. links are in my bio! and on thekyliejenner.com 
insta4597 there's a special sale on my extensions :smiling_face: go to bellamihair.com. they come in 11 different shades not just teal 
insta4598 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4599 my lady friends 
insta4600 :tongue: alone time w bae 
insta4601 throwback pic wearing my fav crew neck :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4602 post thanksgiving in my much needed new sweat belt. get yours at whatsawaist.com happy black friday ;) 
insta4603 mornin' 
insta4604 thankful for my blended family 
insta4605 bout to tear this dinner up.. 
insta4606 throwback birthday vacation 
insta4607 thank you for your words my wheelchair :princess_light_skin_tone::fire::fire: i have been doing really great lately and i thought it was time to share my piece of mind with you guys. 2015 has been one hell of a ride, and i am proud of me ; worked so far with amazing people, kept drawing when i couldn't for months because of the car accident i had last year, and also graduated. i left my comfort zone many, many times this year and i kept going, my faith in brighter days never faltering. being different physically is complicated, you have to deal with loads of shits, and still keep smiling. i want to say to anyone who feels different, lonely or just down, you never know what tomorrow is made of, in good or bad, so please, keep going and life is weird, so are we, and that's what is i decided to embrace my flaws a long time ago, and i never regretted once that decision. i'm a young artist, and once again here, it's hard being different because, judgments ("you can draw with your hands?") but it's worth it. i believe one day, i will work for making her cds covers, and even make exhibitions in san fran, amsterdam and tokyo. in meantime i'm gonna build my empire, one drawing per day. and because life is worth living no matter what. i love life. do 
insta4609 new video up on my app and thekyliejenner.com 
insta4610 young bossy 
insta4611 morning :) my flat tummy secret is my teatox! we need all the help we can get to keep off the holiday pounds. so keeping my with me keeps my waistline slim! get yours here at http://bit.ly/kylielyfe 
insta4612 dinner with mom 
insta4613 waiting for 
insta4614 for :party_popper: 
insta4615 chaos 
insta4616 new video up on my app! me doing my own everyday makeup. links are in my bio :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta4617 booty 
insta4618 and i performing ;) 
insta4619 amas 
insta4621 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4622 other half 
insta4623 :eyes: 
insta4624 :koala: 
insta4625 coming home to you guys :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4626 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4627 take a look at all 15 pieces on the kylie jenner official app and thekyliejenner.com 
insta4628 :airplane: melbourne 
insta4629 australia :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: dress by kendall + kylie 
insta4630 first look at kendall + kylie for holiday. the collection is available this friday! 
insta4631 simple read 
insta4632 p sherman 42 wallaby way sydney 
insta4633 i'll always be here for you my sister 
insta4634 ˈmelənˌkälē 
insta4635 a u s t r a l i a 
insta4637 i love when gives her cute makeup tips on my app and thekyliejenner.com 
insta4638 yes 
insta4640 yesterday 
insta4641 :( 
insta4644 last night 
insta4645 hermès vibes. 
insta4646 :upside-down_face: 
insta4647 hello cutie patooties. my ebay auction is back up supporting my fav i'm going to put the link in my bio for today! 
insta4648 :hundred_points: lol 
insta4649 lmao 
insta4650 and now congrats to my little angels. i love you guys. :baby_angel_light_skin_tone::baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4651 lady friends 
insta4653 :cloud_with_rain: 
insta4654 had some major wardrobe malfunctions but that couldn't stop me from supporting the ones i love. you're amazing congrats on being woman of the year for 
insta4655 kuwtk nov.15th! we've been filming for nearly half of my life. crazy that i've grown up in front of the cameras. helps me learn fast about the lessons in life. see u guys this sunday :face_blowing_a_kiss: this will be a good one 
insta4657 thank u for sharing. what a journey you've been through. you're amazing "i've had many surgeries throughout my 26 years of life and survived them all i had a trache and was on a vent when i was a baby for the first few years of my life. had a g-tube in my stomach to eat when i was a baby too had it removed when i was 3 or 4...had my trache removed when i was 5 before i went to kindergarten i had a halo and body cast two or three times when i had surgery on my neck the first time i was a baby then second time i was in a halo & body cast i was 8. i also had back surgery and was in a body cast when i was a baby too. i am 2"6 and i have a type of dwarfism called sed congenita just a little person month" go to her page to read more :red_heart: 
insta4658 fam night 
insta4660 hello pretty i love your story. "hey my new gorgeous babes and those who has been there with me since day 1. i just wanted to share you my story for those who doesn't know what i have! - i have a hairloss which is called alopecia is a hair loss, my immune system kills my hair follicles which makes me lose my hair on my body. ive had it since i was one years old! so it's been basically my whole life that i've had it. i remember in kindergarten i'd get bullied for wearing a hat a lot and getting teased thru elementary as that girl who was bald. it really hurt me that people everywhere would look at me differently. thru out the years i've gained confidence slowly. i started wearing a wig in 6th grade til junior year of high school. - i decided to start a instagram the beginning of my junior year of high school, towards the end of junior year i've gained so much confidence to go to school without my wig, trust me guys i was so scared to face my biggest fear. but guess what! it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be. everyone supported me and accepted me for who i am. on social media i had the best supporters ever! to support me and make me happy!! i don't even know what'd i do without you guys and my family and friends. just a thank you guys for being apart of my life. i'm so grateful to make you guys happy with my positive thoughts and my youtube videos :purple_heart: i hope my story tells you that you shouldn't hide who you really are! you must embrace your flaws, just be yourself, and be happy!! i just want to change the world to make it a better place, and to make you all happy:purple_heart: just a girl who was looked differently. i love you guys :face_blowing_a_kiss: (ps. your smile could make another persons day)" 
insta4661 on my app right now!!! and thekyliejenner.com xo 
insta4662 outfit change 
insta4663 hello 1920 
insta4665 my date 
insta4666 outta here 
insta4668 the moment we met. happy birthday mommy <3 
insta4669 i never thought i was the boy bag type girl. but i just couldn't resist this one :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4670 hello hair extensions. in 11 different shades on bellamihair.com 
insta4671 the fit 
insta4672 been shooting with since before i can remember. thanks for helping me with some projects xo 
insta4673 happy birthday my lover 
insta4675 last night :sparkles: 
insta4679 elle 
insta4680 i love my life 
insta4682 my model friends 
insta4683 5 years short together. & im never letting go 
insta4684 happy birthday kendall pot pie 
insta4686 :dagger: 
insta4687 yeezy season 1 
insta4688 funday 
insta4689 sunday 
insta4690 jordyn & jasmine 
insta4691 my ninjas 
insta4692 kylie cupcakes. monster eyeball owl 
insta4693 king norman, dinosaur sophie, hot dog bambi 
insta4694 a fun behind the scenes on my app right now. 
insta4695 snow princess :snowflake: 
insta4696 i love it 
insta4697 well happy halloween :face_with_tears_of_joy::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4698 babes 
insta4699 the first moschino barbie doll :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: sleeping with this every night 
insta4700 can't buy style 
insta4701 time out now 
insta4702 time 
insta4703 time 
insta4704 time out now 
insta4705 goin goin back back 
insta4706 shop my adidas look right from my app! 
insta4707 yew nork 
insta4709 airport bathroom stops 
insta4711 happy birthday to my main squeeze. you've never failed me! i love you. check out my app right now to see a little interview video i did with 
insta4712 no filter 
insta4713 early birthday lunch with happy birthday dad what an amazing year for you. 
insta4714 alexander wang 
insta4715 new video!!!!! watch me get ready for a night out with and jen may or may not teach you a lot of helpful hair tricks. 
insta4717 hey lil tummy 
insta4718 interviews 
insta4719 puppies & moschino 
insta4720 this is so inspiring and you are so amazing. "if this never gets seen by then that is okay because i know some what, it will inspire and help someone that reads it. it is estimated that in australia alone 45% of the popular with experience a mental health continue through their life. twice as many young people die from suicide then road accidents. for years and years i suffered with clinical depression. dropping out of school in year 9 and being in and out of hospital for over 10 months. the demons were real and at the time i really did not want to be alive. i never thought it was possible to be happy again, or leave the small country town i was at. i was failing at school and for years my anxiety and depression ruled my life, how i felt. who i spoke to, my eating habits, the way i saw my self, how i saw others. it consumed me in every possible way. you have got to find what you love in life and i cannot stress that enough. since leaving dungog and moving to live on the lake with lawrence for the last 2 years i have been off medication and absolutely loving and thriving of life! every day is a blessing. since starting 8 months ago, i am a changed person. i smile, i love life. i want you to know you are more then what your depression tells you, you are worth more then a blade to your skin, you are beautiful and you deserve to be in this world, other wise you would not of been born. find your passion and your mission and infuse them both into your daily work, let your determination drip from you. i hope can notice this, and share this as i know more then half her followers would of or would be suffering from depression. and together we might just save a few life's! 
insta4721 baby shower vibes 
insta4722 just our usual morning routine 
insta4724 stole from kim for the day :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4725 :fire: 
insta4726 beautiful johnny "so i'm gonna share my burn story :d so the reason i look like this, is a pretty long story, hopefully instagram will give me enough room to type it xd okay well here. november 20th 2003 i was playing in the backyard with my sister joanna. we had this hay loft fort we made in the shed. and we had no flash lights, so we got a candle & match, brought it into the shed so we could have some light. so my sister leaves to use the bathroom or whatever, and i climb to the top of the fort. i call max our dog, and he comes running in the shed, jumps on the loft the candle was on. and it falls over. by the time max got to my lap, i was already surrounded by fire. my sister comes out and screams at me to jump. but i'm too scared because it's too high, and there was fire below me. so joanna (age 7) comes running to get our older sister leah in the house, who was baby sitting us, but was doing homework with my brother luke at the time. so joanna screams at leah (older sister) johns trapped in the firey shed and cant get out! so leah runs outside. she was holding her baby, so she put her baby on the ground and asks joanna where i am. so leah holds her breath and shuts her eyes, and runs in the fire, she can't find me so she runs back out. takes another's deep breath etc, she finds me, but she doesn't know why i'm so heavy. it's because max was on me. so she pulled me off the fort outside. i'm not breathing, and leah screams please god let him breathe! i gasp for breath, i'm brought to le bonhuar (sorry can't spell that hospital xd) they say i only have 8 hours to live. but then shriners hospital came, took me in a helicopter to galveston tx.then put me in a coma for 6 months or something like that lol okay well my past, i look at this accident as blessing, because if it never happened, i wouldn't be the strong confidant person i am today. oh yeah there was way more emotional healing than physical. but i pulled through :d ^^ so ya burnsurvivor awareness must be spread :3 
insta4727 just took my dogs on a walk wearing only da best nothing wrong with a little extra help. they also got some new stuff in i wanna try. gets yours at whatsawaist.com and tell them i sent you :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta4728 pwetty girls 
insta4729 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta4730 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4732 she's my fav. (shhh) 
insta4733 i love you thank you for this beautiful dress 
insta4734 kendall's house 
insta4735 stay tuned today on my app for more desert shots x 
insta4736 :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta4737 :baby_bottle: 
insta4738 bossy :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: thank you the rest of the pics are on my app 
insta4739 40 million followers???!!!!!!!!!! wow. that's a whole lot of people. i put up an exclusive shoot in honor of my dope ass fans only on thekyliejenner.com and on my app. 
insta4740 :red_heart: 
insta4741 short hair don't care 
insta4742 closet tour is now up on my app and thekyliejenner.com links in bio!!!!! yay! 
insta4743 :front-facing_baby_chick::front-facing_baby_chick::front-facing_baby_chick: 
insta4744 i love her 
insta4746 yes balmain x h&m i love you you're the dopest. 
insta4747 me and babe + matching shoes 
insta4749 bae :women_holding_hands: 
insta4750 new video alert!!!! thekyliejenner.com and my app!!! links are in my bio. i love this video because i was low key pissed at and during this but at the end i cave in and we all make up :red_heart: lol 
insta4751 new video alert. thekyliejenner.com and my app is back up and to start off the week watch recreate a simple look on me we've been doing for years! links in bio 
insta4752 :airplane: 
insta4753 a little morning beauty session to start my day! the teeth whitening kit is my little secret to keeping my teeth white without pain. use code kylie to get $15 off! :gem_stone: 
insta4754 it gets down in the kj household 
insta4755 :face_with_tongue: 
insta4756 green has been my favorite so far. def making a come back in the next few weeks. 
insta4757 :tangerine: 
insta4758 it's almost here :ghost: 
insta4759 earlier this week :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta4760 earlier this week :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta4761 hailzzle 
insta4762 let's dance again together soon. prayers up for lamar please. 
insta4763 girly vibes this evening 
insta4764 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4765 voting is now open for my december cover on ellecanada.com! vote now at ellecanada.com/kylievote ‎i'm also taking your questions about anti-bullying and my campaign. tweet your questions to with the hashtag ‎and 
insta4766 hair by and makeup by wearing none other than 
insta4767 just for the night :person_getting_massage_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4768 i didn't get the "wear all black" email 
insta4769 blush colors all the way down to my pedi 
insta4770 i'm on the natural nails wave. 
insta4771 16 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4773 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4774 k y l i e x 
insta4775 shop this look for less on my app right now x. missing the blonde :confounded_face: 
insta4776 "i wanted to do this for so long now and share my story to my followers and give back the love :victory_hand_light_skin_tone: and the hashtag with encouraged me to share. so , at 3 months old i was given up for fostering due to my birth mother having addiction problems during her pregnancy with me. i was fostered for about 6 months and then adopted at 8 months . growing up was hard for me because as a young boy in primary school trying to explain why i had two family trees and two "tummy mummies" was tough as i myself didn't really understand what that meant. after many awkward and tough encounters with family members i decided to tell one of my closet friends my story. this was when i was entering high school. this person decided to tell others my story and this destroyed me. everyone knew and was bothering me and teasing me and i felt so isolated. this led to years of bullying and trying to hide myself ,me being insecure and angry . i used to get so angry and confused and just wanted to be normal . so frustrated with the concept of trying to blend in. i was obsessed with the idea of being normal and this led to me retreating into myself , building walls in my friendships so i didn't get hurt so easily . adoption is such an amazing thing and personally i feel like there isnt enough publicity for me and my fellow peers that are adopted . this is the reason im doing this . i want people that are adopted to know i understand you and its okay! . recently ive learned that what others tell me i am. and that my insecurities and my struggles. i am so blessed to have this life i live and have realised that god has got my life all planned out. i want to just say be you , don't live for anyone else. be happy, be confident and love yourself. thank you for reading :clipboard::sparkles:" thank you for sharing this very inspirational and beautiful. 
insta4777 my first in the house video is up right now on thekyliejenner.com and on my app. link in bio :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta4778 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4779 how is it that caitlyn, kourtney, and i ended up at the same restaurant tonight? perks of having a huge family. 
insta4780 new video alert! watch me do makeup on my app right now! links in my bio. or on my website thekyliejenner.com 
insta4781 mamis 
insta4782 i spy with my little eye... norman 
insta4784 simple tonight in my dress 
insta4785 :face_savoring_food: 
insta4786 we interviewed tiffany on my app today! (my teacher who graduated me) love you tiff. i also put a journal entry up there about how i feel all things school related. 
insta4787 vibes today for my early dinner with caitlyn :red_heart: 
insta4788 around my house before i go out wearing none other than i love how easy these are. if you are looking to get a snatched waist or a little help with your posture go to whatsawaist.com 
insta4789 hello extensions :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: get yours at bellamihair.com they don't only come in teal they come in 11 different shades. i love having my own hair! 
insta4790 wow i'm on my second cosmo cover??!! we're so excited to reveal our november cover in honor of cosmo’s 50th birthday! make sure to follow for behind-the-scenes photos from the shoot and look for the issue everywhere in stores next week photog and stylist 
insta4791 i give my heart to all 38 million of you 
insta4792 i think this is after kendall cut all my hair off 
insta4793 about to head out :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4794 interviews today. i'm always doing something 
insta4795 thank you so much for your post. very inspiring :) a lot of love from me to you x 
insta4796 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4797 check out the new limited-edition pink by purchasing one, you’re supporting breast cancer research and empowering those affected. who’s helping me spread the positive message? :growing_heart: 
insta4798 :crown: 
insta4799 where to get the dress i wore yesterday? it's on thekyliejenner.com and on my app :face_blowing_a_kiss: links in bio 
insta4800 8am in my closet 
insta4801 :cat_face: 
insta4802 today 
insta4803 idgaf if they were.. 
insta4804 thanks kendall 
insta4805 thank you for inviting me to the premiere of your documentary in theaters right now and on itunes. it had me in tears! what an inspiring way to start my night. we need more kind souls like you, lizzie. 
insta4806 that's my best friend 
insta4808 $ 
insta4809 k i m b e r l y 
insta4810 dope hair :thumbs_up: 
insta4811 time please :watch: 
insta4812 blowout by makeup by 
insta4813 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: happy birthday jordyn. thank you for being you. most down to earth selfless human being! i hope you enjoy it :automobile::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta4814 thank you for coming to the house today to do our nails for jordyns birthday! i love my barbie nails :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta4815 currently!! happy birthday jordy. first night in my new pool :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4816 :grinning_face: h a p p y 
insta4817 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4818 kys house 
insta4819 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4820 thank you for coming to the house tonight :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4821 watch me and stas answer some of your questions on my app right now!!!! 
insta4822 my dad said i have to learn how to race it 
insta4823 you can find more exclusive pics from my shoot with on my app 
insta4824 girls road trip 
insta4825 avery ford i'm an entrepreneur and filmmaker in kansas city, missouri and you see. i was born with a condition in which one or both eyes is not properly aligned. i am also blind in my left eye. i went through most of my life feeling ashamed of how i looked. it wasn't until my late twenties that i learned to love myself just as i am. no one is perfect. we all have things that we would like to change about ourselves, but remember this- because you are here, you are worthy of love, happiness and human dignity. there isn't anything you need to do to earn your worthiness. it is your birthright. for so many years, i felt like i had to work a little harder to get people to see past my condition and connect to the real me. now i see that this was never true. people have always seen the real me when i dared to show up and be present. what i know for sure is this: people see you too. even when you feel invisible. even when life knocks you down. if i can make peace with how i look, you can make peace with your insecurities. the world is waiting for you to show up in all of your glory. will you answer the call? hear more of my story at www.averyford.com thank you for your post :) 
insta4826 looking bomb in my invisiwefttm hair extension line with check it out now at www.bellamihair.com 
insta4827 1 mill in 1 week :flushed_face: 
insta4828 :seat::seat::seat::seat::seat: gosha kylie 
insta4829 green :green_heart: 
insta4830 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes::neutral_face: 
insta4831 i love having fun for the sugar factory mint hair by and makeup by 
insta4832 sneak peek. hi bella babe. 
insta4834 :kiss_mark: 
insta4835 vera wang gang 
insta4836 i love she told me she thought of me while creating her show today :smiling_face: & it was amazing!:woman_light_skin_tone::girl_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4837 thank you apple 
insta4838 on the way to my cover party last night 
insta4839 i can't believe it. i love you guys. can't wait to post more tomorrow 
insta4840 thank you for shooting with me for my website!!! i'll be posting more exclusive pictures throughout the week only on my app/website. 
insta4841 watch my little trick on my app/website. click the link in my bio or thekyliejenner.com 
insta4844 dior whore 
insta4845 show was dope. time for a much needed girls night 
insta4846 lil babies in ny. 3/5 of the tats. 
insta4847 we were wildin i miss this :( 
insta4848 n e v e r f o r g e t 
insta4849 wow i love my new silk rug from thank you benjamin and my bedroom is looking perfect :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:. 
insta4851 happy 1st birthday to my norman! i love you so much!!! 
insta4852 girls nail night at the house with 
insta4853 :smirking_face: 
insta4854 :tiger_face::smiling_face: 
insta4855 just about to head out for a morning walk before my interviews and i love a little extra help. thank you and for my waist trainer i'm officially obsessed after seeing how bomb my sisters look. it also helps with my posture :). get yours at whatsawaist.com 
insta4856 everyone always wants to know what lashes i wear. my favorite are :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: today i'm wearing 3d style "miami" check out their glam lashes at www.lillylashes.com :lipstick: 
insta4857 this was the last shot on my way out! 
insta4858 love this moschino outfit 
insta4859 cover! sept. issue shot by 
insta4860 i’m happy to announce that i am going to continue the campaign by sharing a new story of more inspiring people every tuesday. i’m looking on the hashtag for more inspiring stories. continue to join me and share your story on your 
insta4861 35 mill :flushed_face: 
insta4862 j a s m i n e teaching me that blondes have more fun. 
insta4864 chill night 
insta4865 watching i am cait in my lil master sitting room i've been working on. tune in now 
insta4866 - i’m obsessed with em ford she’s a retired model and a current beauty blogger who does dope makeup. she recently revealed on that underneath her makeup she has severe acne. “i never had acne when i was a teenager and then at the end of 2014 it just happened. that’s the crazy thing about acne… it doesn’t discriminate on who you are (old, young, black, white, rich, poor)". her posts of her makeupless selfies resulted in over 100,000 crazy negative comments on her pictures. em made a very powerful video highlighting the negative comments she received on her social media after the makeupless selfies. the video racked up 8 million views in the first week and has now been viewed over 15 million times. em’s biggest advice was to “make friends with the person you see in the mirror because that will change your life. it’s really difficult to do and it’s going to take longer than 2 or 3 days… but once you do it will change your life.” check out em’s instagram - she’s proving to the haters that my acne. 
insta4867 i love you my grandma 
insta4868 - at 13 years old, gigi crouch was diagnosed with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis and prescribed years in a brace. gigi had just begun intensive ballet training and this diagnosis could have really hindered her desire and motivation to succeed in the world of dance. “just being comfortable in the brace was really hard to get used to. it was made out of hard plastic. in the beginning i had to wear it 18-20 hours a day which cut into my ballet training.” however, gigi realized quickly that her condition could be an advantage instead of handicap. she currently studies at in their professional division, just like one of her favorite ballerinas who recently retired. she also got to study at the school of american ballet summer program in nyc. gigi said that the best thing she did was “finding people that were going through the same thing as her.” she even learned about the ballerina wendy whelan who also suffers from scoliosis. “there is a great support group curvygirlsscoliosis.com that connects you with people in your state, your nation or the world who have scoliosis so you can share your story and hear others.” check out gigi’s instagram - she’s showing her doubters that my scoliosis! gigi is amazing. 
insta4869 my beautiful courtyard is almost finished. took this pic last night :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4870 hung out at today! i was uneducated on how important it is to adopt until a few months after i was gifted my puppies. if you are interested in finding a new friend go to your local shelter before stepping into a pet store or finding a breeder. 
insta4871 - i'm getting a little more personal... when lizzie velasquez was 17 years old, someone posted a video of her on youtube calling her the world’s ugliest woman. “by the time i saw the video, it had 4 million views.” now 26 years old, lizzie’s condition was diagnosed last summer. lizzie suffers from a rare congenital disease that less than 10 people in the world are known to have. the disease impedes her from accumulating body fat; she literally has zero percent body fat and has never weighed more than 64 pounds, however though it is not terminal. throughout her entire life, this condition has resulted in a lot of it is so unacceptable to treat people like this. people are so quick to say horrible things about me everyday over and over and sometimes i can't take it. even i at times get affected by it, i breakdown, i hide, i cry. it's resulted in a lot of anxiety for me that i've never had to deal with before ever. my every move has been documented for the whole world and its been a nightmare trying to find myself through all of this. and i've absolutely lost apart of myself. lizzie, you are so strong and i admire you so so much. lizzie has taken that negative energy and has turned it around by traveling around the world doing motivational speeches. when i asked her what the key messages were of her speeches, she told me that “most importantly i try to convey that all you need to have is a brave heart to accomplish whatever you want to achieve. let the negative build you up instead of knocking you down. you are enough no matter what; you were put on this earth for a reason” soon you’ll be able to see her story on the big screen in the documentary film in theaters on september 25th. check out lizzie’s instagram - she’s taking a lifetime full of bullying to help teach the world the names they call me. and lizzie taught me who i think i am. for me, this is expected it comes with the territory. but lizzie, you should of not had to go through that. let's change this together. i love you lizzie! i'll see you soon. 
insta4872 wearing one of my favorite brands in-between shots. love 
insta4873 sneak peek. cover 
insta4874 next step: a haircut by and blonde brows by i'm shooting my live cover of elle canada today. follow to help me with me outfits. and check out my snapchat for behind the scenes. 
insta4875 3 - jacob and anthony are best friends and have been for 2 ½ years. anthony came out to jacob early on in their friendship. “it was very casual,” anthony said when i asked if he remembered coming out to jacob. “the most important thing i remember was how loving and accepting jacob made me feel.” when it came time for their junior year, both jacob and anthony were so excited to go to prom until things starting going wrong in their personal life. “my girlfriend and i had just broken up,” jacob mentioned and he was just going to go with friends until he saw anthony’s tweets. “i realized that helping him with something that would make him happy would also make me happy… and it would probably be the best way to go to prom.” even helped them find the perfect outfit by sending them to to find suits. they had the best time at the prom and have inspired not only their community but the world. they even appeared on the ! the most important thing they want people to know and remember is that “you matter and people care about you. people don’t remember word for word what you said or how you dressed or how you looked but people will remember how you feel.” i'm obsessed with these boys and had such a great time talking to them. we need more people like them in the world! check out jacob and anthony’s instagrams and - they’re leading a revolution by showing us all that my sexuality. they taught me that the critics. also… and jordan ruiz!!!! will you please go to homecoming with and :smiling_face: 
insta4877 our launch dinner last night 
insta4878 - how pretty is erica schenk erica has been modeling since she was 14 and recently became super popular when she became the first plus size model to be featured on the cover of a fitness magazine! her cover of got attention from outlets ranging from to erica’s is really inspiring because of her extremely body-positive, beautiful photos she posts of herself. what i love about erica is she refused to believe the haters who told her that her weight would hold her back from achieving her dreams. she told me that she thinks the most important thing people need to keep in mind is “to learn how to be your best friend. a lot of people will come and go in your life but they can never do as much for you as you can do for yourself.” check out erica’s instagram - she’s teaching us all the titles they give me. (photo credit: erica reminded me that my body and that my beauty comes from what's inside. 
insta4879 took months of not dying my hair and wearing wigs to get my hair back to health so i can do this!! thank you for putting up with me all day. i'm going for an ashy dirty blonde for the fall. but this shits a process! i'm coming for u khloé! 
insta4880 - renee dushane a 21 year old college student who was born with renee described it as “a genetic disorder where the bones in my face don’t really know how to fuse correctly so part of my jaw is really small. i had to have surgery when i was born so that my brain could grow.” renee is so strong willed and a super intelligent girl who told me that while growing up she never had many issues with bullying. "i went to school with all the same kids all the way through high school. right around senior year, i started getting very anxious about having to explain my condition to all of the new people i would meet in college. i started going on tumblr and saw lots of profiles of positive, confident people” that inspired her to start sharing her photos even with her insecurities. “it’s so hard to keep myself from responding to the negative comments,” she told me. “even harder is keeping my friends from getting angry.” it's so important to have a great group of friends. renee also told me about the tattoo she recently got of her life motto: stay strong, always love. “loving is always going to be a better place than hating,” she shared. check out renee’s instagram - she’s showing the world my forehead. i love you renee! she is so awesome & inspiring. renee taught me that the negative comments that i read. 
insta4881 sporty 
insta4882 new :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: so beautiful 
insta4883 :smiling_face: 
insta4884 i am so excited to launch my new campaign for the next six days, i will be sharing stories of 6 incredible people who have become heroes in their own way by taking and turning it into something positive. i’ve gotten to talk and bond with all of these people whose stories you will see on my page. i think you will all fall in love with them just like i did. i want to encourage you, my fans, to share something positive about yourselves. i'll be reading as much as i can so that some of you can be apart of this as well! let's do this :red_heart: 
insta4885 flips hair 
insta4886 :woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta4887 picking the perfect shade. 
insta4888 last night 
insta4889 good morning 
insta4890 this was cute 
insta4891 me & amelia looking over at like.. 
insta4892 thank you balmain 
insta4894 mood today. 
insta4895 introduced her to my jeweler now she's super icy 
insta4896 laid up 
insta4898 home 
insta4899 hello gorgeous 
insta4900 balmain everytime 
insta4901 squaa 
insta4902 it's about that time again 
insta4903 nobu 
insta4904 golds 
insta4905 today's catch. 
insta4906 mmmmmm hello 
insta4907 black 
insta4908 love how my extensions look here :smiling_face: bellamihair.com 
insta4909 :camera: 
insta4910 excuse our pjs. 8 hours :flushed_face: 
insta4911 anaconda 
insta4912 :thought_balloon: 
insta4913 details. :sailboat: 
insta4914 why is she so cute :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4915 red 
insta4916 throwback with babes :tired_face: miss this colorrrr 
insta4917 we woke up in paradise too 
insta4918 :cat_face: eyes 
insta4919 brown lips :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: stay tuned :face_with_tongue: 
insta4920 :helicopter: 
insta4921 that's mee :raised_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4922 :smiling_face_with_horns::purple_heart::alien_monster::umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta4924 relax w meee 
insta4925 my lil babies 
insta4926 :face_with_tongue: 
insta4927 :eyes: 
insta4929 bday outfit... until i got uncomfortable lol 
insta4930 lil babies 
insta4931 :smiling_face: gone 
insta4932 :princess_light_skin_tone: 
insta4933 king 
insta4937 i think this is gonna be my next look :smirking_face: 
insta4938 k y l i e by 
insta4940 its officially my birthday! thank you couldn't happen without any of them. going to be posting the shots we took all day. :smiling_face: 
insta4941 my girls. party night. 
insta4942 the calm before the storm 
insta4943 :tired_face::tired_face::tired_face: and it's not even my birthday yet 
insta4944 i spy norman. can u find him? lol. 
insta4945 let the birthday celebrations begin! first stop: 
insta4946 ms.sofly 
insta4947 another & kylie day 
insta4948 ok soooo my birthday is in a few days and i'm getting back with my favorite teatox we all have our secrets to keeping flat tummies and mine is real dope results! i love this stuff! check them out at www.lyfetea.com 
insta4949 you can keep ur rollie on when i get to it 
insta4950 such a g 
insta4951 dress coming very soon, vintage lv purse, and gianvito rossi heels 
insta4952 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta4953 kourt & ky swim session 
insta4954 sisters :tongue: 
insta4955 :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: 
insta4956 you're my darling angel babyyyyy 
insta4957 filmed another makeup tutorial for you guys this morning with 
insta4958 that's my best friend go best friend 
insta4959 i love sharing my beauty secrets with you guys and this is a favorite! offers products with all natural ingredients (which is important to me) to help maintain & accentuate your curves! butt enhancement cream & breast plumping lotion stimulate fat cells in the target areas. i started seeing results after only a month of consistent use. love their products :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: visit www.pureleef.com 
insta4960 throwback. love this outfit i created. 
insta4961 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta4962 looking over at little kylie like.. 
insta4963 king kylie 
insta4964 yes:fuel_pump: 
insta4965 happy birthday to my beautiful grandmother! i love you mj! her peace sign i can't. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta4966 yeah.. what they said.. :smirking_face: 
insta4967 balmain 
insta4968 & dolce&gabbana dress 
insta4969 30 million followers?!:tired_face: i just found out i'm in the top ten most followed on instagram and viewed person on snapchat:tired_face: this is still crazy to me. blessed to feel loved & when i launch my website i have many ideas to give that love back :two_hearts: i can't wait!!! 
insta4970 :purple_heart: 
insta4971 i love my mom for doing this. thank you for making this experience as normal as possible for me. yay:party_popper: i graduated :) 
insta4972 :party_popper::party_popper::party_popper: 
insta4973 it's up!!!! our first design is here to start it off! so much more amazing stuff coming i can't wait! get yours before it's gone! link in bio. 
insta4974 touched by ariel & chris 
insta4975 baby pink 
insta4977 :dolphin::spouting_whale::sweat_droplets::blue_heart::gem_stone: 
insta4978 :face_with_tongue: 
insta4979 love me some sisters :women_holding_hands::women_holding_hands::women_holding_hands: 
insta4980 sister rivalry :angry_face_with_horns::purple_heart: 
insta4981 balmain campaign. love to youuuu 
insta4985 all black :red_heart: had to change to match 
insta4987 espys for some fam support 
insta4988 :women_holding_hands: 
insta4989 you're mine tonight bitch!!!! 
insta4990 dammit, kylie! :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta4991 white carbon mmmhm 
insta4992 ridin round town in the big ol' rangeeee. thanks for the cute sets 
insta4993 new. thanks 
insta4994 post shaved head :enraged_face: thinking about just shaving it off again 
insta4995 i'm smiling on the inside i swear 
insta4997 so.. i splurged today. 
insta4998 i woke up like disss 
insta4999 & 
insta5000 link in bio. 
insta5002 sis 
insta5005 found the original. 
insta5006 :blue_heart: 
insta5007 mother dearest 
insta5008 yay! everyone go see my god sisters movie out this friday if you like scary you'll love this :tired_face:. 
insta5009 can't wait to release all my beauty secrets on kyliejenner.com coming soon. love this bright look by 
insta5010 major throwback 
insta5014 team brown eyes :eyes: 
insta5015 interviews. 
insta5016 obsessed with and their clothing :purple_heart: 
insta5017 & when the sun goes down ...:crescent_moon: 
insta5018 thanks for helping me bring my visions to life 
insta5019 matching shoes with bae 
insta5023 don't you wish your move in crew looked like mine 
insta5024 project for the next 2 days 
insta5025 :girl_light_skin_tone::woman_medium-light_skin_tone::woman_medium_skin_tone: 
insta5026 bitch betta have "our" money $$$$$ 
insta5027 knock knock i've got a delivery! lets paaartyy:party_popper: 
insta5028 toes 
insta5029 francesco scognamiglio 
insta5030 whooop:party_popper: the gold album on itunes! link on his page 
insta5032 had so much fun at the party in cannes with and 
insta5033 the love is mutual, norman. 
insta5034 cannes :red_heart: 
insta5035 on the road again: destination cannes with and 
insta5036 snapz 
insta5037 necessities :airplane: 
insta5038 miami. bout a week ago 
insta5039 my lil snowball 
insta5040 lauren had it first. 
insta5041 happy father's day my little light of sunshine. "you can still call me dad, kylie. no matter what i'm always going to be your father. that's never going to change." 
insta5042 yo i can't :face_with_tears_of_joy: i love when my sister is in town. 
insta5044 now out to do some gift shopping. my favorite thing to do 
insta5045 last pic from last night. thanks to everyone who came out :party_popper:. & thanks to for putting a fresh black coat on this mane the night before. 
insta5047 :smiling_face: 
insta5048 :lollipop: thanks for the edit 
insta5049 cute little airport pic 
insta5050 :airplane: 
insta5051 yogurt date w kim 
insta5052 teeth cleaned thanks to the best 
insta5053 throwback 
insta5054 :face_blowing_a_kiss:ky makeup 
insta5055 beverlyhills 
insta5056 north. 
insta5057 ky makeup 
insta5058 excited to be in miami this friday to celebrate the grand opening of on ocean drive – come say hi! 
insta5059 out 
insta5061 finger candy 
insta5062 tonight 
insta5063 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: new newww 
insta5066 i'm just gonna do whatever makes me happy in life :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta5068 "first let me..." 
insta5070 happy birthday to the best friend thank you for staying by my side through all the craziness. i love you paul. 
insta5071 :girl_light_skin_tone::woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta5072 :basketball: 
insta5073 sisters the staple center ! 
insta5074 :party_popper: 
insta5076 :rabbit_face: 
insta5077 so beautiful 
insta5079 she so pretty :red_heart: 
insta5080 i'm crazy 
insta5081 our line launches today!!! yay! thanks 
insta5083 my angel on earth! 
insta5085 dogs couch now 
insta5086 :smiling_face: 
insta5087 love this hair transformation on (watch her review) using my teal extensions :) now available in all colors thanks to 
insta5088 :woman_dancing_light_skin_tone::woman_dancing_light_skin_tone::woman_dancing_light_skin_tone: 
insta5090 it's a sister thing 
insta5091 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta5093 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: go ahead and follow for some sneak peaks 
insta5094 secret projects 
insta5096 snap 
insta5097 look at how much i love bella 
insta5098 :chequered_flag: 
insta5099 monaco :chequered_flag: 
insta5102 make magic 
insta5104 baby 
insta5105 morning :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta5106 chill pia's my stylist :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta5107 today's feels :camera: 
insta5108 my first love redone! thank you & for my custom wheels 
insta5109 la traffic 
insta5110 me and grandma (my dads mom) :kiss_mark: we looked identical when she was my age! 
insta5111 moments :) love you lana 
insta5113 yellow :eyes: 
insta5114 balmain :red_heart: 
insta5115 i'm here!!!! 
insta5116 vegas 
insta5117 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta5118 such a fun experience in "napa" w these lovely people ;) 
insta5119 goodies of the day. thank you so much and :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5120 today 
insta5121 behind the scenes. 
insta5122 on set w my sis ! 
insta5123 follow me :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta5124 one more just cuz i love em. 
insta5125 today was cute :party_popper:. 
insta5126 that's just how we do it :princess_light_skin_tone::princess_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta5127 popeyes and pjs 
insta5128 makeup hair 
insta5129 family :red_heart: 
insta5130 daydreaming with 
insta5131 these crazies follow me everywhere! sitting on my dresses during this fitting...mmhm i see you. (bambi was waiting for me at the door) 
insta5132 da boys 
insta5133 thank you for being you & being another mother figure to me my whole life and doing the same for our nieces and nephews. whoever, one day, gets to have you for a mom will be the luckiest in the world. to the ones who've tried & haven't received.. i celebrate you on this day too, 
insta5134 happy mothers day mom!!!! we love you!!!!!!!! 
insta5135 they so beautiful :kiss_mark: 
insta5136 me & my best friends 
insta5137 my friday essentials. pressed juice, teen vogue, and my little fluff, of course. 
insta5138 where did da sun go :confounded_face: 
insta5139 crew love 
insta5140 sis :girl_light_skin_tone::girl_light_skin_tone: 
insta5141 too much sexiness around me 
insta5142 i'm so over heels right now 
insta5143 earlier today checkin out dis construction :warning: 
insta5144 born & raised .. & i'll probably die here :weary_face: 
insta5146 i'm always eating ugh! 
insta5147 2 cool 
insta5148 gotta do a little repost for my love cuz i accidentally deleted the other one. it's been a long day. 
insta5149 mood 
insta5151 designing. i've never been more excited for what's to come! stay tuned this summer. 
insta5152 taking over instagram today!!! 
insta5153 face beat by :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5154 tb. i love them :tired_face: 
insta5155 hey bae :eyes: 
insta5156 kella 
insta5157 "guys stop there's paps" 
insta5158 brown lips ... :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5159 gnight 
insta5160 daddy throwback. 
insta5161 me: kendall wait!! kendall: bitch get in the back 
insta5162 i went with the balmain booties. 
insta5163 obsessed with my new hisy iphone camera remote! just got it at the 
insta5164 the fit 
insta5165 currently 
insta5166 my best friend, my heart, my brother 
insta5167 chill pool day the disick mansion 
insta5168 i love this shit ! 
insta5169 rp 
insta5170 khloes pool party. chella :sun::sun::sun: 
insta5171 tonight 
insta5172 chella 
insta5173 :sun::sun::sun: 
insta5174 girl ... 
insta5175 outfit yesterday : alexander mcqueen dress balmain by giuseppe boots phillip lim purse :eyes: 
insta5176 coachella round :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta5177 thanks for the edit 
insta5178 ahhh!!!! what a dream !!!! my cover is out!!! 
insta5179 thanks 
insta5180 for fun 
insta5181 people think we are cousins. :eyes::red_heart: 
insta5183 outfit 
insta5185 1 2 many selfies 
insta5186 :dolphin::dolphin::dolphin::dolphin: 
insta5187 baby :blue_heart: 
insta5189 national siblings day... wish i could be with all my 8 other older sibs on this day xo 
insta5190 grey x blue. shoutout to my scar 
insta5192 the road trip begins.. 
insta5193 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::purple_heart::purple_heart::alien: goodnight 
insta5195 this is a black light and neon lights people lets all calm down 
insta5197 when ur caught off guard :eyes: 
insta5199 got these shoes today.. i loooooove :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5200 :cherry_blossom::cherry_blossom: 
insta5201 :eyes: :camera:thanks 
insta5202 ok i'm done 
insta5203 thanks for the necklace of my g wagon :folded_hands: 
insta5204 pool day the disick mansion 
insta5205 couldn't choose a dress yesterday 
insta5207 outfit tonight 
insta5208 currently 
insta5209 rp 
insta5211 i'm sorry too 
insta5212 currently 
insta5214 i just love them 
insta5215 love this shot too :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: get your copy remixmagazine.com 
insta5216 my cover for photographed by get your copy at remixmagazine.com 
insta5218 love this 60s swimsuit 
insta5221 couldn't happen without :folded_hands: 
insta5222 sneak peak with tomorrow 
insta5223 main 
insta5224 so much work to still be done! im so excited. the first thing i'm gonna open are my new mattresses 
insta5225 hehe my sneak peak vid of my contact look they put on me got bigger than i intended. they let me keep the contacts :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i'm obsessed. also wanted to let u guys know i've been working on something new for the summer so i can start to connect with u guys more again. so excited x 
insta5226 :automobile: --> photoshoot 
insta5227 the basic workout attire 
insta5228 yay thank you for the shoes! i think i might take on hollywood hills now for a run. gotta take off all this jewelry first 
insta5229 kendall and i are excited to announce that we are working on our own mobile game! 
insta5230 this was almost a decade ago but i still want to sit on ur lap like ur little sister i still am :red_heart: my love for u is endless!!!!!! happy birthday robby :four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover: 
insta5231 selfies with the flight attendants lol. i be bored when i travel alone. :airplane::red_heart: 
insta5232 rp that side eye :eyes: 
insta5233 outfit today : gianvito rossi thigh highs, marni vest hoodie, keepsake jumper 
insta5234 miss this sweet child of mine 
insta5236 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: wearing my jacket 
insta5237 tonight!!! tune innnn 
insta5238 :waving_hand: 
insta5239 thank you for having me :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta5240 they keep me company while i shop lol, love u guys 
insta5241 hide ya wife hide ya face. 
insta5242 :airplane:london. lv luggage, backpack, keychain, céline coat, alaïa leggings, balmain for giuseppe zanotti booties. i'm ready :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta5243 okay guys! sunday! the countdown begins. 
insta5244 came home to these babes sleeping in my bed 
insta5245 i'm coming to london with on the march 14th! visit nipandfab.com to win the chance to come see me! 
insta5246 we out 
insta5247 tonight 
insta5248 the team in the wagon 
insta5249 norman meeting bambi :) welcome to the family 
insta5250 on the way to get my hair out. ignore the messiness lol 
insta5251 took my weave out 
insta5252 ello 
insta5253 good morning :sun: 
insta5254 *new hair alert* 3 new teal ombré colors available in my line with - available exclusively at bellamihair.com 
insta5256 :camera: caught me in my 
insta5257 currently feeling cute 
insta5258 throwback to when i was 15 pounds skinnier & had a little blonde goin on 
insta5259 craving me some & an ice cold fountain pepsi 
insta5260 missing the grey 
insta5261 cover number 2. thank you 
insta5262 full interview only in fault magazine issue 19. pre-order your copy fault-magazine.com 
insta5263 full interview only in fault magazine issue 19. pre-order your copy fault-magazine.com 
insta5264 super excited to reveal my fault magazine cover http://bit.ly/1vvm2xr photographer styled by makeup by & hair by 
insta5265 earlier today with & what are you guys lookin at :eyes: 
insta5266 no makeup on screen :movie_camera: coming soon 
insta5267 earlier todayy 
insta5268 and donates to such a great program that benefits kids through music. 
insta5269 ootd/ootn 
insta5270 mother daughter duties 
insta5271 ahhhh!! thank you thank you lucky charms for my one of a kind "only marshmallows" box! this made my day!!!! been dreaming of this for too long. 
insta5273 staying comfortable in my time to jump in bed after this long week. :red_heart: 
insta5274 next stop 
insta5275 blessed to have sisters. focus on what's real. :two_hearts: && thank you for 18 mill. i love you guys. 
insta5276 the oldest & wisest of us all 
insta5277 heliboarding :snowboarder:. oh & gotta dye these roots black asap 
insta5279 front camera round 2 
insta5280 thank u phillip lim. dope show :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5281 phillip lim 
insta5282 happy valentines 
insta5283 sorry it was between you or my baby khlo lol :red_heart: 
insta5284 kanye x adidas. thank u to yé for believing in me 
insta5285 for the love of new york city 
insta5286 just decided to make my child an instagram follow him :) 
insta5287 okay sisters i see you! on my way :airplane: 
insta5288 on my way home from this shoot but the shoot hasn't really stopped 
insta5289 ok last pic :red_heart: 
insta5291 soooo the crew just asked me what i wanted to eat before i started my interview & i jokingly said lucky charms only marshmallows & look what they just gave me lmao :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i seriously love u guys. 
insta5293 last night gq 
insta5294 after party 
insta5295 yeezy 
insta5298 dreads 
insta5299 $$ 
insta5301 more from shot by & styled by 
insta5302 just me and you today, babe. 
insta5303 thank u for being the most consistent & loyal friend in my life thus far. no one can replace this bond. thanks for keeping me grounded & f:red_heart:ckin sane to say the least. i wouldn't still be myself today without u. as much as i wanna punch u when we cook together you'll always be my you got my back i got urs. never leave my side bitch or i'll hunt u down! 
insta5304 & mood 
insta5305 comin soooo:eyes:n 
insta5306 when no one wants to sit in the back seat 
insta5307 teal 4 everrrr. get urs bellamihair.com 
insta5308 can i wear a sports bra & boxers all day ugh 
insta5309 m:red_heart:nday 
insta5311 i never take selfies with the front camera who knew this shit was so good. lol. makeup by me duuuuh 
insta5312 bye 
insta5313 :sparkles: 
insta5314 :victory_hand: chicago 
insta5315 love to 17 million followers 
insta5316 repost 
insta5317 daddy's girls 
insta5320 idk there's something about blondes & inseparable bonds 
insta5321 the wagon 
insta5322 goin to work with mom 
insta5324 t:red_heart:mf:red_heart:rd 
insta5325 fan pic from the other day. lol peep norman. and her hair :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:. nice meeting you. 
insta5326 :gem_stone: are a girls best friend 
insta5327 when your brother buys you aquazurra 
insta5328 quick snack stop :person_tipping_hand: 
insta5329 secret projects :party_popper: 
insta5330 big a$$ cotton candy 
insta5331 i'll be in chicago the end of the month :) 
insta5332 lajolla 
insta5333 can't believe this :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: check out my cover for for the february 2015 issue by i'm beyond honored xx 
insta5335 we are overrrr this fkingggg road trip 
insta5336 what are u doing in there norm! 
insta5337 love how my off black to teal kylie hair kouture clip in extensions look here in this ponytail :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: get urs bellamihair.com link in bio. they come in 11 different shades 
insta5338 timberland. 
insta5339 move forward 
insta5340 1/1/15 
insta5341 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta5342 norman says he doesn't like his new bag very much 
insta5343 waiting 
insta5344 watching da sunset 
insta5345 these grocery bags match my fly 
insta5346 :worried_face: 
insta5348 morning norm 
insta5349 hehe 
insta5350 céline 
insta5351 :sparkles: 
insta5352 norman taking in the sun 
insta5353 goodnight bby 
insta5354 dreams do come true 
insta5355 my new friend. rip to my old friend. it was a good year. 
insta5356 partying with daddy 
insta5358 who's your date now 
insta5359 her 
insta5360 christmas eve. kendall copied me on my dress. 
insta5361 check me out in the sims 4! i'm ready for a sims holiday party lol 
insta5362 makeup run with 
insta5363 i often shop in the men's section lol 
insta5365 makeup by :sparkles: 
insta5367 lemme suck on that chin bitch!!!! 
insta5368 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta5369 mm remember what we were talking about :smirking_face: 
insta5370 kristmas kris's 
insta5371 & goodnight 
insta5372 dinner khloes :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5373 4u 
insta5374 love how my kylie hair kouture off black to teal extensions look here!!! get yours bellamihair.com link in my bio. they come in 11 different shades :). great for a xmas gift. 
insta5375 secret weapon from the - creates the perfect black cat eye! living for liner and mascara :eyes: :blue_heart: 
insta5376 love 
insta5377 thank you :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: link in bio 
insta5378 why 
insta5379 :eyes: 
insta5380 reunited with honey bunny 
insta5381 rip eric garner 
insta5382 dads 
insta5383 just changed my extensions to my jet back 20" clip ins :) link in my bio 
insta5384 i love u 2 
insta5386 waiting for this bitch named tiffany in my jeans 
insta5387 straight outta bed :eyes: 
insta5388 anastasia anastasia's 
insta5389 they r perfect :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5390 time to remove make up - obsessed with these glycolic pads that leave my skin so clean 
insta5391 justine with the pics 
insta5392 happy thanksgiving 
insta5393 happy thanksgiving everyone! kylie hair kouture is available to order now! go to bellamihair.com link will be in my bio.. 
insta5394 already obsessed with my from - nail polish is the only way to count down to the holidays - who's counting down with me? 
insta5395 surprise little commercial :movie_camera: 
insta5396 :waving_hand: 
insta5397 what real love feels like 
insta5398 sisters. can't choose them.. but it sure feels like i did. 
insta5400 the unicorn to my mermaid 
insta5401 how did we end up here 
insta5402 happy bday hailz & khalil 
insta5403 ahhh 
insta5404 beanie by xx 
insta5406 gloooo:eyes:my 
insta5407 coming really soon. looks awesome in the off black to teal ombré extensions x 
insta5408 cute x 
insta5409 :notebook::red_heart: 
insta5410 dat weave tho 
insta5412 okay beautiful :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thanks everyone for coming out last night. 
insta5413 from last night with 
insta5414 :) 
insta5415 just left my event for the launch of kylie kouture! can't wait :) 
insta5416 i love & miss u my little man 
insta5417 one day 
insta5418 breakfast tiffanys 
insta5419 unicorn x mermaid 
insta5420 matte 
insta5421 happy bday 
insta5422 ahhhhhh piaaaaa 
insta5423 happy bday t 
insta5424 you 
insta5425 thank u everyone for today, it was awesome :victory_hand: we apologize to everyone we couldn't get to we had to go catch this flight :tired_face: love u 
insta5426 j:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:yce 
insta5427 :eyes: 
insta5428 chicago nights :sparkles: 
insta5430 t:eyes:day 
insta5431 ye$$$$$$ on $ett 
insta5432 "wading till i turn blue" 
insta5433 kicks 
insta5434 a little grey never hurt nobody 
insta5436 trick or treating earlier :purple_heart: 
insta5437 happy halloween :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5438 promise to love you & obey & let you.. 
insta5439 kylizzle x 
insta5441 squishy nose 
insta5442 quick girls lunch home :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5443 happy birthday daddio i love you 
insta5444 i love you 
insta5446 getting my daily viper venom fix from - flawless skin in 10 seconds 
insta5447 in l:red_heart:ve 
insta5449 in our next life 
insta5450 i missed my short hair 
insta5451 treat yo self 
insta5452 missed u la 
insta5453 throwback 
insta5454 my lady siblings 
insta5455 da look 
insta5456 1 too many selfies 
insta5457 you don't know me 
insta5458 :mushroom: 
insta5459 oh 
insta5460 *20 mins later* "oh btw some guy put his picture on your car" lmaoooo i think imma keep it there. is my getaway driver today. 
insta5461 6:29 in la 
insta5462 i love you 
insta5463 reunited 
insta5466 miss my bodyguard and best friend 
insta5467 when you can finally put your weave up in a bun 
insta5468 khloes glam room 
insta5469 when your weave blows in the wind 
insta5470 kylie hair kouture coming soon...sooo excited follow for more details! 
insta5471 pug lyfe 
insta5472 babies 
insta5473 look who i ran into 
insta5474 ...:red_heart: 
insta5475 i love blondes. :princess::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5476 about time :nail_polish: 
insta5477 sometimes a girls gotta win it for herself :yellow_heart::frog: photo & emailing creds to jordy 
insta5478 munchies on munchies on winning on munchies www.jacksmunchiepeel.com 
insta5480 all i need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend. happy bday bby 
insta5481 shame on me for changing shame on you for staying the same 
insta5482 "help me take off my balmainnnnn sweatttttssss" ps 
insta5483 i live for u 
insta5484 emptiness we created 
insta5485 don't step on my givenchys 
insta5486 "dream team" 
insta5487 topszn 
insta5488 ahhh 
insta5489 wake me when we're there 
insta5490 jordizzle & kylizzle 
insta5491 this new phone tho :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta5492 kw 
insta5493 wcw :blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta5494 dat weave tho:blue_heart: 
insta5495 i miss you man :eyes: 
insta5496 just really gettin up tho 
insta5497 can't believe i've reached 12 mill. i ♡ y'all. 
insta5498 "try meeeee :musical_notes:" 
insta5500 :skull: bae creepin 
insta5501 hi 
insta5502 the other night 
insta5503 "but when we're good.. we're really good" 
insta5504 ridin with my stassiebaby 
insta5505 booz 
insta5506 more pics from 
insta5507 yay! my pics are out. go to byrdie.com to see the rest of the story x story link: http://www.byrdie.com/kylie-jenner-fall-beauty-trends 
insta5508 i'm such a thug 
insta5509 :alien: 
insta5510 sus missions w jordy 
insta5511 to da best party thrower 
insta5512 la 
insta5513 ..:Statue_of_Liberty::victory_hand: 
insta5514 :water_pistol::eyes: 
insta5515 opening 
insta5516 ny 
insta5517 miss vogue x the full story out this friday 
insta5518 we just murdered this 
insta5520 missin this :green_heart::blue_heart: 
insta5521 rest peacefully. 
insta5522 repost 
insta5523 feeeeeeet 
insta5524 carnival vibes :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5525 last night 
insta5526 yé 
insta5527 chanel, chanel, stella mccartney x 
insta5528 hailz put me on 
insta5529 made some new fwends :purple_heart: 
insta5530 hi dr. ruth :kiss_mark: 
insta5531 gnight 
insta5532 gigi :red_heart: 
insta5533 2 brunettes x 2 blondes 
insta5534 ny 
insta5535 all black w these beauties the other day 
insta5537 whatever 
insta5538 different look for check out vmagazine.com for more xx 
insta5539 get off me bae 
insta5540 congrats on collide :purple_heart: 
insta5541 twin soul 
insta5542 pacsunn whaaaaart long hair don't care 
insta5543 i've posted one too many photos tonight 
insta5544 love y'all 
insta5546 baes 
insta5547 eat a burger bitch 
insta5548 seattle 
insta5549 pick up more new arrivals to our back-to-school collection online now & in stores this weekend. 
insta5550 hurry up jordynnnn:woman_dancing: 
insta5551 i love yaaaaa t 
insta5552 out now xx 
insta5553 i missed ma black lips 
insta5554 hi ken 
insta5555 :see-no-evil_monkey::see-no-evil_monkey::see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5556 todaaaay 
insta5557 i'm so excited to announce that the first round of our fall collection is now available at 
insta5558 touchdown with – follow for where to go and what to do. 
insta5559 mornin 
insta5560 cyber saturday 
insta5562 me right now 
insta5564 & thank you hansens :smiling_face: 
insta5565 happy birthday to my crazy baby leo love 
insta5566 obsessed with the new glycolic fix range from my new summer skin fav! 
insta5567 hello to the man takin pics 
insta5568 so this happened yesterday 
insta5569 blurry bday pic on my way to teen choice 
insta5570 :party_popper::red_heart: 
insta5571 thank u everyone & t for the cake & jb for singing happy bday to me. i love u guys 
insta5572 thank u to my friends for making this day so special so far. happy birfday to me :party_popper::skull: 
insta5573 da bandit 
insta5574 rih 
insta5575 :globe_showing_Americas: 
insta5577 i rock tom ford 
insta5578 mirrors on the floor 
insta5579 shamroo caboo 
insta5580 i mean you could hold me down but i'm not to hold 
insta5581 me & sham took the city 
insta5582 all my bitches attractiveeeee:purple_heart::purple_heart: 
insta5584 i gotchu, t 
insta5586 lyke i love them 
insta5587 sushi w baes 
insta5588 telanamama 
insta5590 just got this little beauty :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:. follow to see the transformation. 
insta5591 red tail boa 
insta5592 g$$d afternoon 
insta5593 ayyyy 
insta5594 dinner with besties 
insta5596 beats 
insta5597 pretty night w pretty people :face_savoring_food: 
insta5598 let's show em this time 
insta5599 dinner w my 
insta5600 hello everyone in the airport restroom right now 
insta5601 matching w 
insta5602 to the left to the left 
insta5603 pale girls what 
insta5604 major bae 
insta5605 flannel life is the life for me 
insta5606 hello reflection 
insta5607 everything 
insta5608 selfie swan sunday 
insta5609 waitin for jordy pie 
insta5610 team quincy 
insta5611 i might be coach on but i can still rep right? :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: shhh 
insta5612 me right now 
insta5613 we stay outside 
insta5614 sham are u okay 
insta5615 his & hers 
insta5617 cyber tuesday 
insta5618 well hay there 
insta5619 other mama 
insta5620 lunch 
insta5621 all stars 
insta5622 grapes in da vineyard 
insta5623 dad & mom 
insta5624 me in elementary school. some things never change. lol. 
insta5625 today :eyes: 
insta5626 whhaaaat 
insta5627 mamiii 
insta5628 our back to school collection is headed your way on friday, july 25th! 
insta5629 happy birthday 
insta5630 :skull: 
insta5631 glow in tha dark balloons in da bed 
insta5632 peace & men 
insta5633 cyber mondays 
insta5634 "even when i'm sick i'm still sick wid it" 
insta5635 bae for life 
insta5636 best airport greeting ever & precious 
insta5637 miss u bby stas 
insta5638 :victory_hand: 
insta5639 model boys, ladies.. model boys 
insta5640 romantic little din w kenjen 
insta5641 my littlest big sis <3 
insta5642 sunset on the dock 
insta5643 thx to sham for letting me steal his glasses 
insta5644 let the celebration begin 4 my main 
insta5645 yinyang 
insta5646 new york 
insta5647 we were together once 
insta5648 :sleeping_face: 
insta5649 see ya later la la land 
insta5650 he loves to cuddle w me 
insta5651 disconnected 
insta5652 i know there's more to life 
insta5653 chem trails 
insta5654 stripes, man. 
insta5655 bh. oh hey 
insta5656 seconds before i reunited with my main love 
insta5657 kidchella 
insta5658 congrats for winning our we loved all of your entries. check out our blog for more of our favorites on monday. kendallandkylie.com 
insta5659 just fixed my piercing.. why thank you, nathans 
insta5660 reunited w boo 
insta5661 well hello arizona 
insta5662 :sleeping_face: 
insta5663 :red_heart::purple_heart::growing_heart: 
insta5664 snapple cap 
insta5665 is dat a ky cooooookie i see 
insta5666 last look mmvas 
insta5667 the team 
insta5668 mmva 
insta5669 pre hair & makeup party 
insta5670 biggest fans 
insta5671 get ready for tonight, canada 
insta5672 kyles & friendz 
insta5673 some takeout with my bestie to end the night 
insta5674 amazing rehearsal day can't wait for tomorrow 
insta5675 "omg your hairs as black as my saint laurent silk...." 
insta5676 too muddaaafkn earlyyyyy 
insta5677 back to black :skull: 
insta5678 watermelon please :watermelon: 
insta5679 r♡bbbbbbie 
insta5680 ktla 
insta5681 yaaas 
insta5682 hi hi jordy i like your hat 
insta5683 fooooo000ood 
insta5684 la la la 
insta5685 goodbye sun 
insta5686 mornin 
insta5687 bby 
insta5688 thank you to the nice man that let me hold and cry and kiss his dog :red_heart: 
insta5689 happy almost birthday to my main b 
insta5690 summer time skin essentials. love this new 1-min mask and cleanser with 
insta5691 :smiling_face_with_halo::angry_face_with_horns: 
insta5692 the team 
insta5693 on my way to barnes & noble in union square nyc! meet us there for our book signing :) x 
insta5694 hailz 
insta5695 my pretty 
insta5696 her suit matches my hair :blue_heart: on our way to ridgewood nj for our meet & greet in book ends. meet us there x 
insta5697 it's out!!!!! go & grab your copy to learn the story of lex & livia. selling everywhere now :) 
insta5698 :skull: 
insta5699 :blue_heart: 
insta5700 :skull: 
insta5701 twin soul :skull: 
insta5702 waaaaaater 
insta5703 summer’s here! short shorts and messy waves thx to toni&guy sea salt spray! quick buy from cvs – love it. 
insta5704 woke up in a desert 
insta5705 i decided that what you give is what you're given so i been tryna do it right i been doing like whatever gets me through the night 
insta5706 i've got my heavenly baby by my side 
insta5708 yeezus 
insta5709 reunited & it feels a little too good 
insta5710 :blue_heart: 
insta5711 my date tonight. this smiling thing is weird. 
insta5712 ma ride or die 
insta5714 sister 
insta5715 miss you :skull: 
insta5716 i love you sometimes 
insta5717 parissssss 
insta5718 angry but i still love you 
insta5719 saint laurent 
insta5720 sister day 
insta5721 baby ky 
insta5722 hi sister 
insta5723 bestie 
insta5724 vegas baby 
insta5725 billboards 
insta5726 babies :snake: 
insta5727 22 so blue 
insta5728 rp :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta5729 joeee 
insta5730 so i'm addicted to diet peach snapple 
insta5731 baby shamroo 
insta5732 follow for what’s happening – big things to come! 
insta5733 ky throwback 
insta5734 happy mother's day mama i love you 
insta5735 love my new little piercing 
insta5736 :skull: 
insta5737 we just made up 
insta5738 dude where's my squad 
insta5739 every brunette needs a blonde 
insta5740 home 
insta5741 another sneak peak 
insta5743 :skull: separation anxiety :skull: 
insta5744 matching w boo 
insta5745 nyc 
insta5746 sending my baby off earlier 
insta5747 joeyyyyy 
insta5748 shamroo 
insta5749 beautiful 
insta5750 mayweather 
insta5751 :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5752 i see you khlo 
insta5753 jordy 
insta5754 sham don't go 
insta5755 guess that's something i'm dealing with now 
insta5756 lil bitch stole my car 
insta5757 this is how i feel about making me do math right now 
insta5758 i live for the nights w my squad 
insta5760 bae 
insta5761 :speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5764 ridin dirty w my main in costco 
insta5765 the quick selfie after me and danced interpretively around her room for a good 45 
insta5766 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: love our madden girl collection out now 
insta5767 lil shoppin day 
insta5768 love 
insta5769 i ain't too proud to tell you that i cry sometimes about it 
insta5770 my blonde :red_heart::skull: 
insta5771 :skull::skull::skull::skull: 
insta5772 the squad + noah 
insta5773 :skull: 
insta5774 taught me 
insta5775 outtake 
insta5776 crew luvvvvv 
insta5777 learning more and more everyday about being myself. i used to hide who i was because i thought he wouldn't love what he saw but it's not about that. it's about loving yourself first. 
insta5778 kalifornia love from our new arrivals. 
insta5779 pushes the whip 
insta5780 :see-no-evil_monkey::hear-no-evil_monkey::speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5781 liking these jeans 
insta5782 get the app and help me find a hat similar to this! xx 
insta5783 help me find this necklace i spotted at coachella on app in the app 
insta5784 booz 
insta5785 ellie w lover 
insta5786 imma biiiird :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5787 i still hate you for not letting mom buy me that tinker bell nightgown at disney world but :person_tipping_hand: i guess i can forget about it today. happy birthday i love you :women_holding_hands: 
insta5788 happy birthday to my big brother i love you 
insta5789 always in my own world 
insta5790 round 2 
insta5791 how cute is the karizma for spring?! available at 
insta5792 ur curious 
insta5793 before we got into our honda 
insta5794 my favorite people :blossom::hibiscus::cherry_blossom: 
insta5795 boo child 
insta5796 la la day 3 
insta5797 yin 
insta5798 dont we look like we are having such a fun time at coachella 
insta5799 in n out for lunch five guys for dinner 
insta5800 :woman_dancing: 
insta5801 matching nails with my boo 
insta5802 good morning 
insta5803 rp 
insta5804 sundayz fundayz 
insta5805 my afternoon dream 
insta5806 selena&roses 
insta5807 :camera::bomb: 
insta5808 oh. 
insta5809 we love travvvv 
insta5810 you're gonna have to go through him 
insta5811 jordy gimmie the phone 
insta5812 thinks i'm cool 
insta5813 ain't nuthin but a g thang 
insta5814 your hairs gettin a little long there bro 
insta5815 the sun needs the star but the star needs the moon 
insta5816 waiting to talk to the moon 
insta5817 thanks to my bestie & his excellent candids 
insta5818 6am beach parties 
insta5820 :princess::woman::girl: 
insta5821 i - i love you too 
insta5822 on that lazy airport outfit 
insta5823 missin them 
insta5824 and then this happened... 
insta5825 this shower > 
insta5826 20 hours later.. 
insta5827 sisters 
insta5828 :waving_hand: 
insta5829 kenny & kyles 
insta5830 caught checkin myself out 
insta5831 my best friend is better 
insta5832 shotgun 
insta5834 calabasas 
insta5835 sconces adventures 
insta5836 spontaneous 
insta5837 check out tonight at 10/9c on e! 
insta5838 taking over 
insta5839 2:22 nobu 
insta5840 luvs 
insta5841 i just wanna cruz with my boos 
insta5842 happy st. patricks day :green_heart::four_leaf_clover: 
insta5843 6:22 
insta5845 a first peek at our new spring arrivals headed to on april 4th! 
insta5846 it's fridayyyy la la 
insta5847 pch cruzin 
insta5848 sister 
insta5849 goodbye miami 
insta5850 hangin with at dash :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta5851 sharing the lords throne 
insta5852 always by my side :red_heart: 
insta5853 good morning 
insta5854 home for the next few days 
insta5855 in honor of the amazing day i just had 
insta5856 ☼:peace_symbol::yin_yang::star_and_crescent: 
insta5859 jordy took dis:see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5860 can't lose you cuz i never had you 
insta5861 italia 
insta5862 we hate each other 
insta5863 happy birthday to my love 
insta5864 :victory_hand::victory_hand::victory_hand: 
insta5865 my gals 
insta5866 &&youz a hoe 
insta5867 shout out to kimye 
insta5868 coca cola 
insta5869 love uz. 
insta5870 céline so mean 
insta5871 today was cute tho. 
insta5872 on my way to nordstroms at the americana. come meet me & ken 
insta5874 my main chick 
insta5875 outdid himself! he made my favorite leather jacket come to life. i'm obsessed :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: everyone follow my favorite artist 
insta5876 on set with kendall at our madden girl shoot for our new shoe and handbag collection now available at 
insta5877 another inside pic from marie claire mexico x 
insta5878 inside our marie claire mexico cover 
insta5879 mois amazing 
insta5880 fxcked wit it - i put my trust in it 
insta5881 :skull: friendz. 
insta5882 those midnight adventures 
insta5883 her mind had gone out for a stroll && fallen down a rabbit hole. the end. 
insta5884 sugar:tropical_fish: 
insta5885 mr. chow 
insta5886 guys i'm blonde now 
insta5887 come celebrate our new collab with for madden girl available next week! we’ll be at at the americana at brand on 2/22. 
insta5888 :princess::girl: 
insta5890 my valentine 
insta5891 candid of my beautiful sister on valentines day :red_heart::red_heart: love you 
insta5892 all my bitches attractive 
insta5893 win our entire spring collection! show us your favorite kendall & kylie piece on instagram and tag for a chance to win. 
insta5894 hehe 
insta5895 boo child 
insta5897 stole this painting from everyone check out his work! one of my favorite artists 
insta5898 you make meee shhhmile 
insta5899 throwback to 2012 
insta5900 roamin around la la land 
insta5901 me & blue take urth 
insta5902 "don't worry sis, i gotchu" 
insta5903 chloé 
insta5904 love my nails from :kiss_mark: 
insta5905 no makeup thursdays partying with in my babies cute lil hat :honeybee::sun_with_face::red_heart::red_heart::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::face_blowing_a_kiss::smiling_face: 
insta5906 got too lazy to do my hair so i put it up kinda day 
insta5907 always missin you 
insta5908 in the hospital thanks to (look at her page for the reason why :face_with_tears_of_joy:) my mom said "never thought i would take u to the doctor for a trampoline accident at this age) this means war khloe. ps. it was painful taking this photo 
insta5909 lost ones 
insta5911 ahh snap 
insta5912 studio city 
insta5913 my sister 
insta5915 new hair doe 
insta5916 great night with at his concert 
insta5917 a lil blonde and a brunette at an concert 
insta5918 sneak peak of the new pacsun stuff coming :) 
insta5919 oh hellooo 
insta5920 barneys. 
insta5921 never give up on someone who kept you from giving up on yourself 
insta5922 new york with my fellow lemon heads and day 1s 
insta5923 :kiss_mark: 
insta5924 counting down till feb. 7th! another look at our spring collection. 
insta5925 romance with the sun 
insta5926 babies 
insta5927 22 
insta5929 ynobe4life 
insta5930 hooked it up with the sharpie tats 
insta5932 :new_moon_face: 
insta5934 fallin asleep on jordy in the studio :crescent_moon: 
insta5935 my lover 
insta5936 mix and match with my twin 
insta5937 awesome shoot yesterday with x 
insta5938 night w my daddy d 
insta5939 when it's all done baby i'm yours if you're still around.. 
insta5940 kenzo inspired 
insta5941 i can't stop cutting my hair :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta5942 gonna be a fun lil day x 
insta5943 watch us tonight on :) 
insta5944 you got the touch baby cuz you're the one 
insta5945 me & my main 
insta5946 our lil boy ain't so lil anymore 
insta5947 ivy. 
insta5948 the dark hair days 
insta5949 :woman_and_man_holding_hands: 
insta5950 got my hair cut a lil shorter today with my baby surfboard 
insta5951 love my sissy :two_hearts: 
insta5952 had fun in the snow w with my snowbunny 
insta5953 shred the gnar 
insta5955 another one cuz i just can't take the cuteness. 
insta5956 bud. 
insta5957 valley girls and like, proud. 
insta5958 twinzies 
insta5959 fwends. 
insta5960 knew i loved him when i let him go la la la :two_hearts: 
insta5961 oh how beautiful the sky is tonight 
insta5962 i love these 2 baby bees :honeybee: 
insta5963 my monogamy it bothers you 
insta5964 miss this bad boy 
insta5965 follow me on keek!!! 
insta5966 there, i smiled. 
insta5967 happy new year :) 
insta5968 goodbye 2013 
insta5969 seventeen mag. 
insta5970 tour. 
insta5971 when they reminisce over you, my god 
insta5972 i got my heavenly baby by my side 
insta5973 happy birthday :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta5974 ken got us sister rings :red_heart: 
insta5975 a lil lunch w my baby stas 
insta5976 was on his makeup game yesterday 
insta5977 hangin in santas village in my sexy christmas outfit :Santa_Claus: 
insta5978 this little bunny fell asleep on my lap merry christmas xo 
insta5979 merry christmas everyone :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus::wrapped_gift: 
insta5980 jordie going gothic w me on this beautiful night 
insta5981 no filter needed. my beautiful gma :red_heart: 
insta5982 the night has begun 
insta5983 lunch w my baby with our new haircuts :green_heart::growing_heart: 
insta5984 what's hatnin' 
insta5986 on the first page of our story the future seemed so bright then this thing turned out so evil i don't know why i'm still surprised even angels have their wicked schemes and you take that to new extremes but you'll always be my hero even though you've lost your mind 
insta5988 sister saturday 
insta5989 you're no angel either baby 
insta5990 i got my lil reindeer by my side today 
insta5991 miss you my little man. 
insta5992 night from baby ky 
insta5993 last night x 
insta5996 my cover issue with seventeen mag prom just dropped, check it out :two_hearts: 
insta5997 all my friends ask me why i stay strong tell 'em when you find true love it lives on 
insta5998 "who da boss" 
insta5999 i love you everyone follow my second mama! 
insta6000 don't wait for anybody to complete you 
insta6001 blue xx 
insta6002 malibu. 
insta6003 happy birthday :two_hearts: 
insta6005 i look jolly, right? 
insta6006 i am alice i'm in wonderland 
insta6007 oh snap 
insta6008 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6009 oh how much i've missed you, new york. 
insta6010 moi caught me sippin 
insta6011 family 
insta6013 missin' my babies 
insta6014 :camera: 
insta6015 you been on my mind i been tryna let it go i been tryna find somethin' as incredible as you and i but that's a never no feeling can compare to you 
insta6016 oh no ky stole the whip :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta6017 damn 
insta6018 nail day 
insta6019 <3 
insta6020 follow me on keek!! 
insta6021 let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday 
insta6022 incredible 
insta6023 balance of opposites 
insta6024 :folded_hands: 
insta6025 newest addition to the family 
insta6026 wearing the most generous loan i've ever received in honor of aka absman, can't wait for tonight ♡ 
insta6027 my hot date tonight 
insta6028 ama's. 
insta6030 a little meditation time before we have the leave har pear see u soon :two_hearts: 
insta6031 is the sexiest photobomber 
insta6032 fun night with jordy. 
insta6033 the worst 
insta6034 baby cheeks 
insta6035 :victory_hand::victory_hand: 
insta6036 mornin' from the jenner sisters :yellow_heart::sun: 
insta6038 :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6039 last night 
insta6040 missin u 
insta6041 love. 
insta6042 reunited with p <3 
insta6043 showin em how this yard sale is supposed to be done 
insta6044 get keek in the app store and follow me!!! 
insta6045 kenyabobenya 
insta6046 had an amazing time celebrating with you yesterday mommy. love you xo 
insta6047 ♡ always here for you 
insta6048 :two_hearts: 
insta6049 my best friend. 
insta6051 my spirit sister 
insta6052 things have been so crazy and hectic i should have gotten back by now but you know how much i wanted to make it it’s proabably better anyhow so if you gotta go if theres anything i should know if the spotlight makes you nervous.. 
insta6053 channeling my inner wednesday addams yesterday 
insta6054 goodnight halloween birds 
insta6055 happy birthday daddy. thank you for your constant support in everything i do & your daily calls reassuring me of how proud you are. ill always be your "last little girl" love you :red_heart: 
insta6056 :red_heart: dinner with these beauts 
insta6057 490tx.tumblr.com you are amazing moi 
insta6058 sus 
insta6060 yeezus. 
insta6061 crazy for my kitten 
insta6062 kitty behavior :cat_with_wry_smile: 
insta6063 holiday's almost 
insta6064 good laughs 
insta6065 thank you for the amazing makeup :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6067 today 
insta6068 fixed my nails.. thank you 
insta6070 had the most magical evening.. congrats kim & kanye 
insta6071 back to light hair :speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta6072 forever ♡ 
insta6073 happy birthday to my big sis & my best friend thank u for always being right by my side when i need you. i love you :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6074 friendship bracelets :red_heart: 
insta6075 tea time w medusa & 
insta6076 .adore you 
insta6077 days with my coconut 
insta6078 sneak peak of some new jewelry from our medal haven collection at 
insta6080 thank u for everything! 
insta6081 as big as the moon :new_moon_face: 
insta6082 explains it all 
insta6083 peek a boo i love you 
insta6084 :blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta6086 :blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta6087 :red_heart: 
insta6090 outings w my best friend 
insta6091 :water_pistol::water_pistol: 
insta6092 revolt. 
insta6093 stas says i'm awkward 
insta6094 if you don’t know what i’m talking about, you need keek https://itunes.apple.com/app/keek/id453298978?mt=8 
insta6095 oh no, what is stas doing to my hair :speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta6097 fresh new paint job 
insta6098 popping diet coke in pjs with my favorites :red_heart: 
insta6099 kendall and me are loving the new who's playing and wants to play? you can win a pvz2 kit! all you have to do is like, comment, or share to win. they'll pick a winner in a few days! 
insta6100 everyone go support my big bro and buy his album nwts if you haven't already. he killed it once again! 
insta6101 going out for a casual dinner w my girls 
insta6103 home :airplane: 
insta6104 yesterday's look 
insta6106 :folded_hands: 
insta6107 in all leather w my bestie 
insta6112 happy birthday princess. i love you so much :red_heart: 
insta6113 winning 
insta6114 love you 
insta6115 probably not the best for the beach 
insta6116 twinning with & :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6117 :folded_hands: 
insta6118 my love 
insta6119 over the city of angels with 
insta6120 sissy 
insta6121 and i want it all to be for you 
insta6122 ♡ 
insta6123 photography 
insta6124 design meetings 
insta6125 rollin in the hills 
insta6126 my beautiful braids thanks to my beautiful jordy 
insta6127 runnin away with my baby :musical_notes: 
insta6129 broke myself in fear of someone breaking me 
insta6133 the spot 
insta6134 the alien to my saucer 
insta6135 last time calling me baby - last time calling me crazy 
insta6136 bebes 
insta6137 versace versace.. 
insta6138 :skull_and_crossbones: 
insta6139 directed photo 
insta6140 we are the ones 
insta6141 runs in the family 
insta6142 i like to see through rose colored glasses. 
insta6143 my forever :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6144 :water_pistol::alien: 
insta6145 we fall again & there we lay :cherry_blossom: 
insta6146 another sneak peak 
insta6147 shooting our new line with xo 
insta6148 photoshoots within photoshoots. photography :red_heart: 
insta6149 little angel :baby_angel::two_hearts: 
insta6150 :water_pistol::water_pistol: 
insta6151 lunch earlier with my dime 
insta6152 catch us on the kris show :) 
insta6153 i never cheated for the record back when i was with you but you believed in everything but me boy, i don't get you. 
insta6155 get keek in the app store and follow me!! 
insta6156 my blondes by my side 
insta6157 supporting my mama at her set 
insta6159 ahhh! met my favorite people. thank you all for such an amazing night. sooo blessed xoxo 
insta6160 me & my baby 
insta6161 reunited and it feels so good 
insta6162 licensed :smirking_face: 
insta6163 brooks beanies 
insta6164 my wife got a bod 
insta6165 :alien: 
insta6166 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6167 my main gal friend 
insta6168 almost my birfday whaaat :party_popper: 
insta6169 goodbye :alien: 
insta6170 but timing was wrong && love decided that they didn't belong ☾ 
insta6171 killin it 
insta6172 us & our dino blowin up yo instagram 
insta6173 where am i 
insta6174 wow! 9,000 people! thank you las vegas! khlo money & kdollazz are out! on the road again 
insta6175 alien adventures :alien: 
insta6176 sorry i love ya 
insta6177 bye nyc :women_holding_hands: 
insta6178 on my way back to la for a few hours.. :airplane: 
insta6179 i love my lizzy! 
insta6180 heard about the never ending line the pacsun in soho! crazy! see u guys soon! 
insta6181 pacsun 
insta6182 concrete jungle 
insta6183 back back to cali cali :airplane: 
insta6184 shutting down nordstrom and a few thousand people later.... texas! you're amazing lol!. all of you reminded me how incredibly blessed i am to have such an amazing fan base. crazy to fathom you guys even know my name, but remembering my bday is crazy! thank you for making turning 16 so memorable! i love you guys!!!!! be back soon dallas :blue_heart::red_heart: 
insta6185 shout out to for hooking us up! 
insta6186 say hello to my princess 
insta6187 gonna be just your memory :skull::skull: 
insta6188 cuddle time with my cuddle buddies 
insta6191 you must of done this before, this can't be your first time 
insta6192 stuck in the woods.. 
insta6193 sneaking off to wyoming parties & laying my back on the grass to look at the most beautiful stars i've ever seen with my most beautiful best friend.. i wouldn't want to spend my midnights anywhere else with anyone else 
insta6194 first sneak peek of our new back-to-school collection with 
insta6195 outtt hereee 
insta6196 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: the moment when spence found out she has a dirt unibrow lol 
insta6197 we're ready 
insta6198 i took the one less traveled by 
insta6199 i make her laugh :two_hearts: 
insta6200 reunited with fern & summer 
insta6201 i've missed this 
insta6202 more in love with the memories 
insta6204 but i never planned on you changing your mind 
insta6205 my love 
insta6206 bob, paul, and will cuddles :two_hearts: 
insta6208 kisseys & cuddles :face_blowing_a_kiss::women_holding_hands: 
insta6210 es & urth dates 
insta6211 yeezy taught us 
insta6212 i told ya i was troubled 
insta6213 i'm sorry i can't get rid of your flowers dead ones are the ones i could stare at for hours 
insta6214 hollywood & vine 
insta6216 nobu 
insta6217 because love will mean falling && he's afraid of heights 
insta6218 cuddling with my man 
insta6220 goodnight love 
insta6221 :frog: 
insta6223 reunited with my baddie 
insta6224 although we can't remember exactly when we met, i couldn't be more grateful that we did. you understand me like not many do & you always know the right time to make me laugh. and no, you haven't failed once to catch me when i attempt to walk or open the door on my every entrance. happy birthday to my best friend. 
insta6225 ❁♡ summer 
insta6226 pool day with 
insta6228 vampire diaries 
insta6229 25 
insta6230 july 4th 
insta6231 sus cats 
insta6232 :two_hearts::face_savoring_food: 
insta6234 kalifornia-klasss.tumblr.com 
insta6235 the ying to my yang 
insta6236 someone once told me my eyes were as big as the moon :new_moon: 
insta6237 i still ride with my day one :two_hearts::two_hearts: 
insta6238 daddy day 
insta6239 happy birthday to my mommy. thank you for always sticking up for me and for showing me all life has to offer and really keeping me grounded. you've inspired me to try and evolve into the best version of me i could be. i'm so blessed to have such an amazing role model like you to look up too.. my t :two_hearts: don't forget about your first daughter when you decide to start your own family xo 
insta6240 interviews. 
insta6242 i love you more 
insta6243 && i go back to black 
insta6244 scary movies && cake baking :) 
insta6246 sofia makes the best tea though.. 
insta6247 go lean protein 
insta6248 sneak peek of my new favorite shorts that will be added to our summer collection in 1 day!!! 
insta6249 main forever 
insta6251 back :skull_and_crossbones: 
insta6252 "i'm sorry i love you" 
insta6253 ♱:skull_and_crossbones:♚ 
insta6254 up in the studio 
insta6255 swag off me 
insta6256 you'll always be my hero 
insta6258 lost 
insta6259 good start to another long day 
insta6260 outfit today 
insta6261 movie snuggles.. and at heart :) 
insta6262 love my nails :red_heart: 
insta6263 meetings 
insta6264 birthday girl :) 
insta6265 good friends are hard to find. i love you 
insta6267 you believed in everything but me 
insta6268 happy birthday ye! 
insta6269 scouting 
insta6272 my sassy lil thang 
insta6273 something was obviously very interesting to our left loll 
insta6274 shout out to my new model friend :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta6275 you could be addicted to a certain kind of.. 
insta6276 best friends 
insta6277 outings with kendall :woman::woman: 
insta6278 from a young g's perspective 
insta6279 :OK_hand: 
insta6280 in january she was happy. she was like a beautiful flower and the sun to his day..and then one night in may his flower withered away. 
insta6281 giving my g wagon a spa day! follow to see her new look. :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6282 amazing night, i will miss you new york. go watch opening this friday! 
insta6283 my baby's first flight! :man::airplane: 
insta6285 barney's new york 
insta6286 cape town :skull_and_crossbones: 
insta6288 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta6290 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6292 nyc 
insta6293 already gone 
insta6294 thank you :red_heart: 
insta6295 expect anything from anyone.. the devil was once an angel 
insta6296 missing you, greece xx 
insta6297 climb so fast to fall again 
insta6298 these nights 
insta6299 you've never failed to always be there for me. i love you 
insta6300 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6301 tea party with 
insta6302 it's all about the skate shoes 
insta6303 for today ♡ 
insta6304 the one always waiting 
insta6305 baby put on heart shaped sunglasses cause' we gonna take a ride 
insta6306 trio 
insta6307 my girl 
insta6308 other boys are faint stars.. and you are my sun 
insta6309 i love you loser! from our friend abigal to drop kicking you in the face :red_heart: happy birthday! miss you! 
insta6310 my p! 
insta6311 sushi with this stunna 
insta6312 :woman: 
insta6313 :purple_heart: 
insta6314 candle lit dinner with 
insta6315 my "i'm so happy to be doing interviews right now" face 
insta6316 we only said goodbye with words i died a hundred times you go back to her and i go back to, i go back to black 
insta6317 wango tango yesterday with ken 
insta6318 summertime sadness 
insta6319 we hur 
insta6320 leaving now for the brea mall xo 
insta6321 best night with my favorite people 
insta6322 i can always rely on my friends to make me laugh.. 
insta6324 pick up stix w 
insta6325 she stays on the phone with me till i fall asleep and wakes me up with urth.. i love you 
insta6326 the bad news: nothing lasts forever the good news: nothing lasts forever 
insta6327 meetings with lizzie 
insta6329 fine dining with this fine fellow 
insta6330 my favorite dress from our collection out 5/12 pacsun! 
insta6331 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta6332 givenchy twin 
insta6333 my ray ban sister 
insta6334 :grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6335 :worried_face: 
insta6336 :red_heart: 
insta6337 ill miss you greece..❁♡ 
insta6338 i love you, little squish. 
insta6339 :last_quarter_moon_face: 
insta6341 balenciaga 
insta6342 those jenners... 
insta6343 tomorrow is tomorrow. future cares have future cures, and we must mind today. 
insta6344 i miss you 
insta6345 wait for me 
insta6346 another day in beautiful greece :sun_with_face::first_quarter_moon_face: :star: 
insta6348 my eye view. 
insta6349 there's no other place id rather be.. 
insta6350 at a little café with and this is to the right of us. this place is the most magical place i've ever got the blessing of visiting. 
insta6351 my favorite thing to receive 
insta6352 my new favorite place.. can i come back with you guys? lol 
insta6353 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6354 im so blessed 
insta6355 my best friend/mom/british friend/rock/united states of tara buddy/twin/better half/sister 
insta6356 atving with the boys 
insta6357 getting our model on 
insta6358 i make and talk to me while i watch the sun go up & play with roosters :sun_behind_cloud::chicken: 
insta6359 ya girls bout to ptfo 
insta6360 he keeps me healthy :strawberry: 
insta6361 beautiful night with beautiful people 
insta6362 can't leave the house without my cute little eos lip balm 
insta6363 sending my cuties off! 
insta6364 lazy days 
insta6365 best friend. 
insta6366 sof. 
insta6367 nails. 
insta6368 the beauty.. thanks to sofia's photography & editing skills 
insta6369 the infamous urth pic 
insta6371 it's been great, ted. 
insta6372 ummm what's going on here 
insta6373 perfect top to pair with high waisted shorts! get it now 
insta6374 :red_heart: 
insta6375 paps & my big brother 
insta6376 happy birthday to my big sister i love you so much :red_heart: 
insta6377 i love you sunshine.. happy birthday to my best friend 
insta6378 lil fam time 
insta6379 my twin 
insta6380 say my name, say my name when no one is around you say, “baby, i love you” if you ain’t running games say my name, say my name you actin’ kinda shady, baby why the sudden change? 
insta6381 hello :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6382 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6383 i love me some karanikolaou are you jealous ? 
insta6384 i get to drive my beauty around today thanks to liz's company :sport_utility_vehicle::red_heart: 
insta6385 took over kim's insta spot 
insta6386 my pimp hat & my blondes 
insta6387 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::sun: 
insta6388 my lil cutie! 
insta6389 amazing times with my beautiful friends 
insta6390 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6391 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6392 day out w 
insta6393 perfect day :sun: 
insta6394 my moms 
insta6395 :skull_and_crossbones:♚✞♡ 
insta6396 i love you i love you i love youuuuu 
insta6397 that which makes me mental & that which makes me sane = you 
insta6398 i love my siblings 
insta6399 a little swollen but.. new piercing :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6400 my brother says he's peter pan tonight.. 
insta6401 me & kenya 
insta6402 had the best night.. 
insta6403 it was time for an upgrade.. 
insta6404 april 7th - every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you could never get back 
insta6405 blue.. 
insta6406 my love :water_pistol::water_pistol::red_heart: 
insta6408 my cutie :red_heart::baby::girl::woman: 
insta6409 happy birthday my jackson! i love you :purple_heart: 
insta6410 crusin w the lord 
insta6411 ♡ 
insta6412 ifhy .. but i love you 
insta6413 one of my favorites from our pacsun collection! :purple_heart: 
insta6414 shoulda woulda and coulda here 
insta6415 we love each other 
insta6416 there's nothing more calming to me than a quiet car ride at night with the people you love ☾ 
insta6417 :star_and_crescent::skull_and_crossbones:♡ 
insta6418 crazy who makes me the happiest can make me the saddest.. look alice let's get lost in your wonderland, f an atlas. you're perfectly perfect for me. 
insta6419 :purple_heart: 
insta6420 april 1st - you are only going to be as good as the people you surround yourself with 
insta6421 the best :cherry_blossom: 
insta6422 hair by 
insta6423 dessert decorating :winking_face: 
insta6425 little bugs 
insta6427 :oncoming_fist: 
insta6428 a piece from our summer collection! 3 more days till you can own it. 
insta6429 pb&j sister keychains with :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::purple_heart: 
insta6430 robs wants to hold her tho.. 
insta6431 you're mine now :cat_face: 
insta6432 :sun_behind_cloud: 
insta6433 heading to meet w pacsun :yellow_heart: 
insta6434 this is serious talent guys. serious talent. 
insta6435 trying to be pro skaters so we can hang out with our boys again 
insta6436 sick :thumbs_up: 
insta6437 kca 
insta6438 supporting at the kcas i love u!! 
insta6440 ||| 
insta6441 arm candy tonight 
insta6442 :kiss_mark: 
insta6444 cuddle bug! 
insta6445 :nail_polish: 
insta6446 this is amazing. what a talented artist! thank you!!!! 
insta6447 i get to wear the brooks beanie tonight tho.. :winking_face: 
insta6448 now i have to sit through dinner with these people.. :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6449 i love you :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6450 oh loves gonna get you downnn 
insta6451 a complete look from our upcoming summer collection is up! upload your best nail art diy and be the first to wear our favorites from the new line. 
insta6452 is this what love feels like... 
insta6453 girls night :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6454 my friends though..> :purple_heart: 
insta6455 oh haiii. 
insta6456 happy birthday to my big brother/best friend robby you are the funniest most caring guy i know. i will never stop loving your million phones calls a day or when we used to scream "badabababa - i'm lovin it" on a daily throughout the house or that time when you went to the father daughter dance with me so i could have someone to go with because dad was already going with kendall or even the random big fights we will get it. i love you :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6457 :face_savoring_food: 
insta6458 forever is an empty promise. 
insta6459 green bagel & green cream cheese.. alright this is a little sketch. 
insta6460 slept in dads sweater last night :smiling_face::sun_with_face: 
insta6461 goodnight instaworld. :crescent_moon:. 
insta6462 my favorite boys. 
insta6463 just me & my little purse today.. 
insta6465 why i love st. patrick's week. 
insta6466 i love you guys 
insta6467 get keek in the app store and follow me!! and subscribe 
insta6468 play date with my boo 
insta6469 :full_moon_face: this cali weather right now though > 
insta6470 field trip :face_savoring_food: 
insta6471 :leopard: 
insta6472 selfies with the new addition to the family :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss::dog_face: 
insta6473 wusssuppppp 
insta6474 the bu. 
insta6475 i :red_heart: you 
insta6477 ||| 
insta6478 in the land of gods and monsters.. i was an angel 
insta6479 day out with these babes 
insta6480 best friend 
insta6481 favorites (missing 
insta6482 my beautiful sister 
insta6483 getting ready to meet the fam..:sun: 
insta6484 diet mountain dew - lana 
insta6485 dinner with the parentals. obsessed family. <3 
insta6487 beanie day :cloud::umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta6489 i can still feel you around 
insta6490 the little girl could just not sleep because her thoughts were way too deep. her mind had gone out for a stroll && fallen down a rabbit hole. the end. 
insta6491 my ms.fts <3 
insta6492 cartier.. and that's ring time 
insta6493 beyond proud of you 
insta6494 look i found her..red coat 
insta6495 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta6496 ||| 
insta6498 i run w the msfts 
insta6499 did an amazing job. 
insta6500 just touched down in london town 
insta6501 iii 
insta6502 the way of sub 
insta6503 stas rocking the kendall and kylie jacket in nyc today. visit your local pacsun store today to get it ;) 
insta6504 <3 
insta6505 teen mom season 36 coming soon 
insta6506 he got me up all night.. 
insta6507 & lamar 
insta6508 bestie 
insta6509 survived another 5 miles.. with 
insta6510 iii 
insta6511 early mornings with dad 
insta6512 churls. 
insta6513 :cherry_blossom: 
insta6514 sister love 
insta6515 haayyyyy 
insta6516 ma clique 
insta6517 i love youuu 
insta6518 we love each other 
insta6519 5 miles :check_mark: 
insta6520 hike w :running_shoe::cherry_blossom: 
insta6521 my shorty 
insta6522 :red_heart: 
insta6523 my girl :red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6524 make sure to get keek in the app store and follow me!!! 
insta6525 only a few people know i have a true obsession with frogs... :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: i love you 
insta6526 to last february. happy valentines day <3 
insta6527 ahhhhh i love youuuuuu:face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6528 iii 
insta6529 we love you :red_heart::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6530 :smiling_face: 
insta6531 slacking on my nail game. 
insta6532 happy birthday chevaaa. from the day i first met you i knew we were gonna be inseparable. lollll jk . kendall and i hated you but ya know we are past that ;). from our annual subway runs and taking me to the human museum (yeah everyone..the human museum) and even that time we went to pick kendall up from school & embarrassed the hell out of her lol and ya know dropping cookies off at the homies house in hidden hills ;) and back in the day when i would literally force you to play tag with me in smooch and just putting up with my absolute weirdness and craziness every saturday.. there's too many memories...i love you and thanks for being another big sister to me :red_heart: 
insta6533 rocking rich soil with :face_blowing_a_kiss: twins 
insta6534 sleep deprived. about to sleep all day.. :ZZZ: 
insta6535 :purple_heart: 
insta6536 hello :red_heart: 
insta6537 don't chase people. be you, do your own thing and work hard.. the right people who belong in your life will come to you, and stay. :yellow_heart: 
insta6538 i'm sorry we couldn't get to you guys! fire marshall's made us leave for safety reasons! love you 
insta6539 thank you fox! 
insta6540 my amazing makeup job on haha miss you 
insta6541 sorry for not being able to get everyone in the pic but thank you for coming and selling out the wristbands even in this blizzard :face_blowing_a_kiss: & of course supporting the clothing line. 
insta6542 some msfts at the signing today ;) thank you for coming. 
insta6543 just wrapped good morning america with ken..oh and this is drew our protector :) 
insta6544 if you could only see how much it's snowing today..:snowflake: 
insta6545 getting silly in interviews with 
insta6546 lace & loubs 
insta6547 at this age, everything is changing. day by day we don't notice, but just look back over the past year and you will realize everything has. people you thought were going to be there forever aren't, and people you never imagined you'd be speaking to are now some of your closet friends. life makes little sense, and the more we grow the less sense it makes. so make the most of it now, before it all changes once again, because in the near future, all of this is going to be just a memory. 
insta6548 :red_heart: 
insta6549 2 more days till the kendall and kylie collection is out :) 
insta6550 taking over 
insta6551 on my way to walk in the red dress fashion show 
insta6552 cupcake love w my :ogre: 
insta6553 photography. reunited with my wife :red_heart::person_with_veil::ogre: 
insta6554 new york nights :cityscape_at_dusk: 
insta6555 if i could take away the pain.. 
insta6556 ♡ 
insta6557 i :purple_heart: her 
insta6558 telanas new hair > :growing_heart: 
insta6559 dash with my shorties :purple_heart: 
insta6560 night with brogs :purple_heart: 
insta6561 only over my dead body... 
insta6562 cozy clothes :) 
insta6563 happy birthday love you!!! 
insta6564 fashion killas 
insta6565 i love wearing the kendall & kylie collection :yellow_heart::sunflower: 
insta6566 happiness :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6567 today. 
insta6568 inside the studio shooting our new collection 
insta6569 letting go :cherry_blossom: 
insta6570 currently playing - i'm blue 
insta6571 love & pain comes and goes, but i won't. 
insta6572 ..<3 
insta6573 blue :blue_heart: 
insta6574 my girl 
insta6575 in the end they'll judge me anyway.. so whatever 
insta6576 already sent you my annual long ass bday message.. but happy birthday to my partner in crime throughout the years & the person who made me into the girl i am today :purple_heart: love you, birdie. 
insta6577 :yellow_heart: 
insta6578 getting things ready for you guys...:) 
insta6579 i'll miss you, wifey. 
insta6580 :red_heart: 
insta6581 she's mine..so 
insta6582 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6583 && i love youu 
insta6584 outfit today 
insta6585 stolen 
insta6586 my long lost brother :party_popper: 
insta6587 wait i love her :red_heart: 
insta6588 my girls :purple_heart: 
insta6589 behind the scenes snap from our shoot with register now to shop our line early at pacsun.com/kendall&kylie 
insta6591 a little adventure time. 
insta6592 what an intricate surprise 
insta6593 :') love you 
insta6594 goodnight & a big shout out to the shadow on my face. 
insta6595 urth...<3 
insta6597 hope you have an intricate day.... oh 
insta6598 blown out? 
insta6599 :kiss: 
insta6600 day w my intricates 
insta6601 ♡.. 
insta6602 you make me happyyyyy..♡ 
insta6603 thank you for the shirts xo 
insta6605 urth cafe 
insta6607 wearing my favorite leather jacket today..:) 
insta6608 i'm in love with my "i'm in love" sweater <3 
insta6609 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face: 
insta6610 best friend :women_holding_hands: 
insta6611 i need an italian greyhound :loudly_crying_face: 
insta6612 my day just got that much better.. 
insta6613 you gotta stay creepin 
insta6614 the best part of me has always been you ♡ 
insta6616 treating myself for the new year :face_savoring_food: 
insta6617 outfit today :skull_and_crossbones: 
insta6618 :skull_and_crossbones:❥:latin_cross: 
insta6619 adam, you are the sweetest and funniest guy i've ever met and you also happen to be my best friend. i have too many memories with you like barging into ur house at 3am on a school night and waking you up, stealing hello kitty, being my partner in crime and always getting in trouble with our neighbors, late night roscoe runs, missing the most important person in our lives together (the weeknd), being my boyfriend for a day, ah there are too many memories. oh and the donut shop of course..lol, and just putting up with all the weird stuff i do. lol happy birthday love youuuu. i can't believe ur 18. woohoo r-rated movies! 
insta6620 tender moments with 
insta6621 camo :green_heart: 
insta6623 actually love him 
insta6624 msftsrepublic.tumblr.com 
insta6625 :kiss_mark: 
insta6626 happy new years from me and 
insta6627 throwback to one of my favorite shots by 
insta6628 congrats to this beautiful couple. i love you guys :baby: 
insta6629 :snowflake: 
insta6630 dramatic photos doe 
insta6631 i love youu 
insta6632 being ladies at lunch with because our friends love to ignore our phone calls when they bring us out of the state photo creds 
insta6633 the lion & the cookie monster 
insta6634 that's just the half of it.. 
insta6635 the babies 
insta6636 we puttin everything on our back 
insta6638 i'd rather be your enemy than any friend you think i would be.. 
insta6639 those nights with the people that i won't forget. 
insta6640 don't you pretend you didn't know how all of this would end up... 
insta6641 :skull::red_heart: 
insta6642 favorite couple 
insta6643 family. 
insta6644 love you 
insta6645 alexander mcqueen 
insta6646 parts of me remind me of you 
insta6647 photography 
insta6648 my life. ;) 
insta6649 transformations yo :purple_heart: 
insta6650 mobbin 
insta6651 :purple_heart: 
insta6652 sissy time 
insta6653 :red_heart: 
insta6654 missed you 
insta6655 keep it 100 baby 
insta6656 my brothers <3 
insta6657 bag envy 
insta6658 lord disick is back! 
insta6659 funny you're the broken one but i'm the only one who needed saving.. 
insta6660 best feeling :nail_polish: 
insta6661 excited about this shoot. :camera::purple_heart: 
insta6662 la 
insta6663 new piercing! 
insta6664 :dolphin: 
insta6665 vegas. 
insta6666 like you remember me.. 
insta6667 best friend :airplane: 
insta6668 travs 
insta6669 givenchy ★ 
insta6670 i've finally accepted the fact that things change. don't get upset over losing something good.. it just means there is a chance you'll gain something even better. 
insta6671 happy birthday to my favorite boy. i love you masey. 
insta6672 miii love 
insta6673 we all want love 
insta6674 my everythang :folded_hands: 
insta6676 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6677 :red_heart: 
insta6678 black & red everyday 
insta6680 boss 
insta6681 bang :water_pistol: 
insta6682 then you'll want me && ill hate you 
insta6683 :man::girl::boy: 
insta6684 ...<3 
insta6685 i'd really rather hover in the jamfest.. 
insta6686 :folded_hands: 
insta6687 cuddle weather is the best weather 
insta6688 tea :hot_beverage: 
insta6689 beautiful girl 
insta6691 jingle ball 
insta6692 :red_heart: 
insta6693 christmas time on rodeo dr 
insta6694 the way i'm feeling, the things i say, all just happened when you passed my way, what can i do to make you stay, i know it's getting late but boy i don't want you to leave... 
insta6696 xo... 
insta6697 msfts•rep 
insta6698 round and around and around and around we go :skull_and_crossbones: 
insta6699 ohhh snap 
insta6700 no love allowed :gem_stone: 
insta6701 :OK_hand: 
insta6702 you did amazing on xfactor i love you 
insta6703 don't mess with my crew. 
insta6704 every night is a friday night. crew 
insta6705 matte :nail_polish: 
insta6706 and we had a family reunion 
insta6707 :purple_heart: 
insta6708 thank you !!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6709 "so can you do me a favor if i pull it together, make it sooner than later, we won't be here forever" 
insta6710 visions of you and i still linger within my mind but i look to the future and know there's more to find. • the wise words of 
insta6711 shoes tonight :latin_cross: 
insta6712 sister time 
insta6713 ♡ 
insta6714 hehe bff 
insta6715 :red_heart: 
insta6716 ★ i'm just mad because i waited for you ★ 
insta6717 ah friends 
insta6718 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta6719 swagger jacker 
insta6720 :oncoming_fist: 
insta6721 happy thanksgiving from the jenner/kardashian family <3 
insta6722 d&g top with my red leather pants :) 
insta6723 gobble gobble :chicken: 
insta6724 céline && balenciaga 
insta6725 x factor. 
insta6726 outfit today 
insta6727 date with :) 
insta6728 :yellow_heart::blossom: 
insta6729 those in-n-out nights. 
insta6730 i don't miss you • i miss the old you 
insta6731 cause we both wanted to do this but i could tell that you were scared. cause you thought there was more to us but you knew how this would end. it's gonna end how you expected, boy. 
insta6733 are you jealous ? 
insta6734 :) 
insta6735 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6736 hey, gorgeous. 
insta6737 hot chocolate. <3 
insta6738 baby blue :) 
insta6739 :party_popper::wrapped_gift: 
insta6740 :skull_and_crossbones:✞♡ 
insta6741 oh well, i guess you lose some and win some. 
insta6742 sneak peak of the kendall and kylie clothing line :growing_heart: 
insta6743 old school rolls royce w surf boards = perfection 
insta6745 my sister. you've been by my side for just about everything. you know me better than anyone. you've helped me overcome personal flaws and grow into the person i am today. my best friend. <3 
insta6746 like i love you && i need you i only want you, the weeknd 
insta6747 :fallen_leaf: 
insta6748 lana del rey • paradise edition 
insta6750 :growing_heart:. sherri hill 
insta6751 i'm so proud of you 
insta6752 :face_savoring_food::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: hehe 
insta6753 where i belong. :gem_stone: 
insta6754 da crew 
insta6755 msfts 
insta6756 i love these boys more than anyone could ever imagine. 
insta6757 boo thang. 
insta6758 :face_blowing_a_kiss::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::red_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta6759 we complete each other. i love youuuu 
insta6760 :purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart: 
insta6761 blurry. 
insta6762 winter wonderland w the bests 
insta6763 pink. :growing_heart: 
insta6764 bringing them out :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6765 probably too cold to wear this today but doing it anyway. 
insta6766 lana. 
insta6767 hair up, no makeup, flannel days <3 
insta6768 :) 
insta6769 :folded_hands: 
insta6770 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6771 i'm feelin it :pineapple: 
insta6772 :') 
insta6773 late night starbucks :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6774 r.i.p. to the girl you used to see. her days are over, baby she's over~ 
insta6775 they literally call me chumumumananuchu 
insta6776 will u guys come home already... it's been too long :tired_face: 
insta6777 goodnight 
insta6778 i love you to the moon and back <3 •• black docs 
insta6779 :ribbon::growing_heart: 
insta6780 movie date :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta6781 homeschool homecoming with 
insta6782 :red_triangle_pointed_up::white_medium_square: 
insta6783 :OK_hand: 
insta6784 i was just a little hungry. :hamburger::french_fries: 
insta6785 bestest fwends. 
insta6786 :red_heart: 
insta6787 happy halloweeeeen 
insta6788 happybirthday to one of my best friends on this planet. nicest boy you will ever meet. love u so much 
insta6789 my halloween nails :face_with_tongue: 
insta6790 :face_with_tongue: 
insta6791 :United_Kingdom: 
insta6792 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6793 aztec 
insta6794 :airplane: la 
insta6795 :red_heart: last day here in the philippines 
insta6796 night out 
insta6797 :new_moon: 
insta6798 so blessed :sunrise: 
insta6799 manila bay • philippines, asia 
insta6800 </3 
insta6801 another sneak peak from the shoot yesterday with 
insta6803 sneak peak from 
insta6804 rob enough with the photobombing 
insta6805 photo shoot :red_heart: 
insta6806 a pic from carmar denim fall 2012 look book for with :red_heart: 
insta6807 youth power :oncoming_fist: 
insta6808 thanks for the photobomb rob. 
insta6809 shopping w 
insta6810 home for the next few days. philippines <3 
insta6811 hong kong • china 
insta6812 :skull: apple to apples :skull: 
insta6813 get keek in the app store and follow and subscribe to me :)))) 
insta6814 new case :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::ribbon: 
insta6815 good ones go - drake 
insta6816 now i'm lying on the cold hard groundddd 
insta6817 ;) 
insta6819 msfts. 
insta6820 just found these photos i took in 2007. they are so innocent and simple. i love them. 
insta6821 wah i miss trev 
insta6822 pumpkin patch :face_savoring_food: 
insta6823 happy birthday to my big sissy i love you so much <3 you understand me like no other and never fail to be there whenever i need you. i tell you everything and you always come back with the best advice. have the best day, wish i could be there hehe miss u 
insta6824 this will tear us apart 
insta6826 leather pants for fall • 
insta6827 debating. 
insta6828 miss miami 
insta6829 goodnight. 
insta6830 stop. 
insta6831 vocabulary of style. 
insta6832 purple 
insta6834 rolls in her rolls 
insta6835 clipper game :blue_heart::red_heart: 
insta6836 one of my favorite outfits. can't wait for u guys to see these photos :red_heart: 
insta6837 i've never been more scared in my life. paranormal activity 4 is by far the best one. 
insta6838 navy blue booties 
insta6839 :ribbon: 
insta6840 california. 
insta6841 :tiger_face: 
insta6842 :maple_leaf: 
insta6843 :face_savoring_food: 
insta6844 coästal gîrłs <3 california 
insta6845 love this picture. :face_savoring_food::ribbon::growing_heart: 
insta6846 :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta6847 big sweaters :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: yayy :fallen_leaf::maple_leaf: 
insta6848 nap time at the offices :ZZZ: 
insta6849 bro time 
insta6850 dinner wif my loves 
insta6851 :red_heart: 
insta6852 morning :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta6853 pomegranates and tea :) 
insta6854 ahh 
insta6855 simple jewelry is the best jewelry :grinning_cat: 
insta6856 twinnies! black juicys & kardashian kollection hoodies 
insta6857 outfit today :woman’s_clothes::glasses::watch: 
insta6858 my besties. you are horrible at taking pics 
insta6859 oceanair&saltyhair 
insta6860 hair by 
insta6861 :sun: 
insta6862 santa monica 
insta6863 beachshoots<3 
insta6864 love this necklace. 
insta6865 lighter hair && 
insta6866 dark nails :nail_polish: 
insta6867 my new 51/2 year old best friend. 
insta6868 beverly hills :hibiscus: 
insta6869 "i was wondering baby if i make you my babyyyyyyy" pics 
insta6870 like a champ :thumbs_up::syringe: 
insta6871 call me maybe? 
insta6872 http://bit.ly/paradiseitunes this album is amazing make sure to buy it on itunes! 
insta6873 supreme 
insta6874 bye miami :waving_hand: 
insta6875 my favorite couple :couple_with_heart: 
insta6876 outfit todayyyy 
insta6877 altuzarra • miami 
insta6878 robs attire > 
insta6879 aw we love each other! 
insta6880 we were that desperate to go in the ocean 
insta6881 vintage | new york 
insta6882 miami beach 
insta6883 feel the warmth, we’ll never die. we’re like diamonds in the sky :gem_stone:• rihanna 
insta6884 going for the gold 
insta6885 yolo 
insta6886 my airplane attire :airplane: 
insta6887 mercyyyy 
insta6888 "you know colorado has its mountains, but miami has its clouds" -uncle burt rip 
insta6889 miami 
insta6890 yayyy:) 
insta6891 love these nails :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6892 love this hat i'm wearing for one of the shots. 
insta6893 i'm obviously really ready for winter :umbrella_with_rain_drops::snowman_without_snow::snowflake: 
insta6894 photo shoot today for one of my favorite stores :) 
insta6896 roscoes house of chicken and waffles <3 
insta6897 my new pinky ring :smiling_face: excuse my little knuckle scars 
insta6898 && chanel boots :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6899 my eyes have always been a little too big for my face.. hehe 
insta6900 the storm is on the horizon. i’m standing here alone. got a pistol on my hip and it's gon' be some ishhh. if you want it then bring it on. see i'm a motherf' soldier and i’mma be here till it’s done and when they asking who i'm is, you just tell them that i’m the one. • cruel summer 
insta6901 bomb. 
insta6902 bar mitzvah time 
insta6903 family twime 
insta6904 umami burger :hamburger: 
insta6905 ;)lemon heads :yellow_heart::lemon: finally they have a lemon emoji 
insta6906 :red_heart: 
insta6907 my nails match my taco.. 
insta6908 on my sock game. 
insta6909 rawr 
insta6910 lets all take a moment of silence. 
insta6911 turquoise shades = my new obsession 
insta6912 red nails for fall :red_heart: 
insta6913 happy birthday to my bestie i love you so much little munchkin! you're the funniest person ever and i know you always got my back.. just like i wouldn't mind punching someone in the face if they hurt you :) i love uuuu happyy birthdayyyy! :yellow_heart::yellow_heart::yellow_heart::yellow_heart::party_popper::balloon: 
insta6914 the one • cruel summer 
insta6915 sherri hill 
insta6916 puppy love :face_blowing_a_kiss: nacho and jackson have a play date :dog_face: 
insta6917 happy birthday jules :red_heart: 
insta6918 thanks for photobombing 
insta6919 && it's better than i ever even knew they say that the world was built for two only worth living if somebody is loving you 
insta6920 passion tea lemonade w/ raspberry sweetener <3 
insta6921 fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening | coco chanel 
insta6922 sisters:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta6923 wearing my kim k necklace tonight 
insta6924 love this jacket from 
insta6925 me and drake lol 
insta6926 this is my friend... he does my hair too sometimes ;) 
insta6928 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6929 :red_heart: 
insta6930 runway. 
insta6931 ;) 
insta6932 liz caught me looking at the city :cityscape_at_dusk: 
insta6933 hailing cabs in new york :yellow_heart::winking_face: 
insta6934 central park 
insta6935 hi adam :smiling_face: 
insta6936 nyc • 
insta6937 dinner twime 
insta6939 can everyone please focus on how cute adam is in this picture .... 
insta6940 sherri hill sneak peak :dress: 
insta6941 sherri hill • nyc 
insta6942 photo shoot :camera::red_heart: 
insta6943 adammm:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::dog_face: 
insta6944 thank you 
insta6945 9/11 memorial. 
insta6946 new york nights > 
insta6947 this ones my fav 
insta6948 a little family get together at dash fno 
insta6949 :high-heeled_shoe::growing_heart::dress: 
insta6950 nyc swerve 
insta6951 i got my plane hat :airplane: nyc 
insta6952 these girls are my other sisters 
insta6953 my mains 
insta6954 lacoste boys :) 
insta6955 i'm really loving fashion night out right now......:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: ;d you're welcome ladies 
insta6956 makeup tonight 
insta6957 fno 
insta6959 love this chain from and my shirt :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6961 :red_heart: 
insta6962 outfit today. i'm coming for you 
insta6963 but you fit me better than my favorite sweater, and i know that love is mean, and love hurts but i still remember that day we met in december <3 
insta6964 i've obviously been in 's watch drawer 
insta6965 i'm taking you home :smiling_face: 
insta6966 my rugged boots <3 
insta6967 doc martens :yellow_heart: 
insta6968 my beach boi 
insta6969 it's you, it's you, it's all for you everything i do i tell you all the time heaven is a place on earth with you tell me all the things you want to do i heard that you like the bad girls honey, is that true? it's better than i ever even knew they say that the world was built for two only worth living if somebody is loving you baby now you do video games 
insta6970 :United_Kingdom:• 
insta6971 yay julia 
insta6972 <3 
insta6973 mmmm 
insta6974 my australian shepard mix :red_heart: jackson odom jenner 
insta6975 we're living for the present and the future don't exist • <3 
insta6976 rawrrr:tiger_face: 
insta6977 hellooooo:waving_hand: 
insta6980 sherri hill 
insta6981 i'm obsessed with you. 
insta6982 i love my shoes :smiling_face: 
insta6983 love these shorts :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta6984 i want it alllllll :loudly_crying_face: 
insta6985 project love ••• 
insta6987 leather in the summer > 
insta6988 well3d•ne 
insta6989 i love my :red_heart: 
insta6990 beach day :sun::United_States: 
insta6991 kendall in her natural habitat 
insta6992 why see the world when you got the beach • the sweet life 
insta6993 thank you for the arm candy :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta6994 i feel so elegant with this ring. never taking it off 
insta6995 she's been doing this to me since age 4 
insta6996 thank you 
insta6997 do you like my shirt??? ;d 
insta6998 i- i love you like a lovee songgg babbyyyyy:musical_note: 
insta6999 our babe :bear: 
insta7000 exposure • 
insta7001 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta7002 :girl::girl::musical_note::dolphin::mouse_face: 
insta7003 lunch with at one of my favorite restaurants 
insta7004 outfit today 
insta7005 :United_States: 
insta7006 born and raised 
insta7007 having a sister is like having a best friend you can't get rid of :red_heart: 
insta7009 kendall stole this pic to make it look like it was her .... 
insta7010 love you guys. 
insta7011 so beautiful <3 had my eye on this cuff for so long. thank you 
insta7012 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thank you 
insta7013 :) 
insta7014 got me a fwenddddddd:grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta7016 ••• 
insta7017 if this is love • i know it's true • i won't forget you 
insta7019 creds to :eyes: 
insta7020 only bad religion / could have me feeling the way i do 
insta7021 outfit today :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7022 jules is my fwend :smiling_face: 
insta7023 love you • 
insta7024 hike with my favorite people 
insta7025 best fwends 
insta7026 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7027 domesticated paradise, palm trees and pools -frank ocean 
insta7028 love this bathing suit :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7029 pool day :sunflower::sun: 
insta7030 my beautiful photography skills 
insta7031 i love you more than yesterday and less than tomorrow 
insta7032 outfit today 
insta7033 reading a little 
insta7034 best night with my oldest fwends poor honey is cut out 
insta7035 ah love you happy bday 
insta7036 my gals forevaa 
insta7037 wait i found a mermaid!! and some girl with sequins? 
insta7038 you are my boooooo 
insta7039 :red_heart: 
insta7040 thanks to everyone again for coming out. 
insta7041 such a good present thank you 
insta7042 i <3 these snake skin shorts 
insta7043 at my seventeen party 
insta7044 cutest outfit :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thank you 
insta7046 meet and greet twime 
insta7047 10 on top for mtv 
insta7048 hello little people playing on my shirt 
insta7050 ma lady suit • ted baker 
insta7051 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7052 look into my eyes.. eyeeeeees 
insta7053 cutest case 
insta7054 pinnnkkkk :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7055 hello kitty on my toes! :smiling_face::cat_face::growing_heart: 
insta7056 seventeen mag cover shoot 
insta7057 :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta7058 :red_heart: 
insta7060 oh they're such photobombers 
insta7061 you're cute too :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7062 welcome to the fam :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7063 thank you for the beautiful flowers. i love them! 
insta7064 wishing my wall was like this • 
insta7065 oh hai best friend. :smiling_face::grinning_face_with_big_eyes::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7067 we are purple! yayyy!! 
insta7068 oh hai 
insta7069 for my gal 
insta7070 los angeles lights • 
insta7071 ohhhhh yeahhhh 
insta7072 :red_heart: 
insta7073 :watermelon: 
insta7074 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7076 ohh haiiiii 
insta7077 outfit today 
insta7078 :red_heart: 
insta7079 &&glitz 
insta7081 louis vuitton architecture and interiors 
insta7082 snapple <3 
insta7083 beach day :sun: 
insta7084 sock buns <3 
insta7085 got some light blue converse today! yayyyyy:smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7086 cheetah 
insta7087 look what i just got in the mail :) thank you bought to go pig out now :pig_face: 
insta7088 :boy::girl::woman::man: 
insta7090 getting a guitar lesson from on his pink guitar :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7091 bro sis twime 
insta7092 i'm obviously a professional lol :victory_hand: 
insta7093 aw big brother brandon 
insta7094 happy birthday to my long lost sister i really can't believe you're 16! ahh love you :red_heart: 
insta7095 aren't we cute though? heeeheee 
insta7096 hello 
insta7097 :red_heart: 
insta7098 bad religion - frank ocean :oncoming_fist: 
insta7099 thank you you're the best :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::heart_with_arrow: 
insta7101 vintage vuitton bags 
insta7102 i love you guys • 
insta7103 and this is my other bestie :red_heart: 
insta7104 hi stas :smiling_face: 
insta7105 a brunette and a blonde with an inseparable bond 
insta7106 follow ad subscribe to me on keek! kyliejenner. get the app from the app store! 
insta7107 going simple with the jewelry today :smiling_face: 
insta7109 blood orange && bows 
insta7110 hi puppy :red_heart: 
insta7111 inked up from my feet up 
insta7113 went on a hair curling rant 
insta7114 curled some hair :victory_hand: 
insta7115 perfect day :sun: 
insta7116 cuvée • 
insta7118 aw baby kenya fell asleep on my bed curled up in a lil ball with the head scratcher on her head!!!! 
insta7119 my shoes today :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7120 my favorite summer essential 
insta7121 summer days > 
insta7124 red nails > 
insta7125 happy 4th! :United_States::red_heart::blue_heart: 
insta7126 awkward photos > 
insta7127 need the time? 
insta7129 we planned it. 
insta7130 cheetah baby! 
insta7131 vaseline • 
insta7132 my favorite person in the world:smiling_face: 
insta7133 i would do anything for these 2 girls... 
insta7134 blue phone again ...:):blue_heart: 
insta7136 ahhhh! liz got me shoes:)))))) you're the best. 
insta7137 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7138 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7139 black & gold 
insta7141 this boy makes me the happiest..:red_heart: 
insta7142 i won't give up - jason mraz 
insta7143 :red_heart: 
insta7144 :kiss_mark::gem_stone: 
insta7145 :red_heart: 
insta7146 ah amazing bracelets by and from :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: thanks :red_heart: 
insta7147 best friends :red_heart: .. and more shorts coming soon ;) 
insta7148 fathers day dinner :red_heart: 
insta7149 :two-hump_camel: 
insta7150 of :victory_hand: 
insta7151 :victory_hand::United_States: 
insta7152 :blue_heart: 
insta7153 props to 's underwater case :victory_hand:.. i'll love these girls till the end :red_heart: 
insta7154 blue jeans - lana del rey 
insta7155 mason is so classy 
insta7156 i love my girls :red_heart: 
insta7157 gangsta party 
insta7158 trill :thumbs_up: 
insta7159 shoe swag tonight 
insta7160 shopping day with kenya! 
insta7161 summer gals :victory_hand: 
insta7162 :) :nail_polish: 
insta7163 oliver peoples. 
insta7166 as hot as balsamic 
insta7167 's shoes. 
insta7168 shoes. 
insta7169 sick shoes liz, you're rad. 
insta7170 watermelon 
insta7171 :red_heart: 
insta7172 can't wait for him to do my hair.. 
insta7173 aw :smiling_face::red_heart::woman::woman: 
insta7174 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7175 family fun time 
insta7176 awk family photos. 
insta7177 follow me on keek!!! 
insta7178 girls night :red_heart: :girl::woman::princess: 
insta7179 mm.. 
insta7180 hanging out with my dad! how cute is he showing me all these old magazines!!! 
insta7181 studded shorts last night with 
insta7182 :victory_hand: 
insta7183 just did 's makeup :smiling_face::lipstick: 
insta7184 :person_surfing: oh yeah. 
insta7185 johnny rockets. :rocket: 
insta7186 collared shirt wonderland :t-shirt: 
insta7187 i love this color :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::growing_heart: 
insta7188 one of my best friends love her :growing_heart: 
insta7189 in n out runs with 
insta7190 just witnessed the most beautiful wedding the other day. congrats and love my new sister!! :red_heart: 
insta7191 love my brothers so much :growing_heart: 
insta7192 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7193 oh yeah 
insta7194 sisters and brothers :growing_heart: 
insta7195 in paradise :sunrise: 
insta7196 instagram steal 
insta7197 :sun::purple_heart: love my big bro! 
insta7198 :fish::sun::person_swimming: 
insta7199 aloha :cherry_blossom: 
insta7200 this is my twin! :green_heart::bug: 
insta7201 bye :waving_hand: 
insta7202 can't wait to see my bayybayyy soon :kiss_mark: 
insta7203 :sun: photo cred 
insta7204 love her :red_heart: 
insta7205 follow me on keek!!! u can get it in the app store :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7206 i wish i knew then what i know now. wouldn't dive in, wouldn't bow down. 
insta7207 see you 
insta7208 switch glasses day 
insta7209 morninggggg:girl::woman: 
insta7210 lil big for that, no? 
insta7211 and you know... people lie 
insta7212 the kenya bird. 
insta7213 on the cover of seventeen magazine latin! amazing!!!! 
insta7214 honestly, i don't have time to hate people who hate me, because i'm too busy lovin people who love me. <3 
insta7215 yay! jules and i made the yearbook;d 
insta7216 :red_heart: 
insta7217 hello friends 
insta7218 i love my churl :red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7219 siiiiickkkkk! thank you kandee! 
insta7220 all new season of keeping up with the kardashians tonight! 
insta7221 :sparkles::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7222 double peace :victory_hand:. it's the new thing. 
insta7223 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7224 you are too pretty 
insta7225 saying bye to friends before prom! you look gorgeous love u! 
insta7226 kendall and i the other day! so much fun 
insta7228 :red_heart: 
insta7229 very blurry. but such an amazing night! love this pic 
insta7230 part of my production family! i love you guys! keep it real erin! ryan we are obsessed with u! youre so hot! melissa youre my angel! you rock! have fun in boston! your are so sexy! you are my shorty cutie pie! keep it real! :oncoming_fist: 
insta7231 look who came for support! 
insta7232 getting ready backstage with lizzy. 
insta7233 kenya excited 
insta7234 in all black tonight..:) feels so good :skull: 
insta7235 we were born to die :broken_heart: 
insta7236 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7237 hello 
insta7238 fresh tan. 
insta7239 swag me out! 
insta7241 life happens- 
insta7242 :girl::woman::person_tipping_hand: 
insta7243 my favorite brunettes :red_heart: 
insta7244 stole this from lol i love you guys<3 never wanna lose touch. 
insta7245 showing off my moves :victory_hand: 
insta7246 mmmm:cow_face: 
insta7247 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7248 my old house! isn't it cute? lawl jk they tore it down. 
insta7249 go liz! 
insta7250 kardashian khoas i love you 
insta7251 class 
insta7252 slumber party with ma favorite blondes! 
insta7253 partaaayyyyy 
insta7254 deja vu with 
insta7255 the outfit tonight :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7256 :blue_heart: 
insta7258 mothers day in santa monica! 
insta7259 my favorite boys! 
insta7260 happy mothers day mommy! i couldn't ask for a better mom :red_heart: love you so much. 
insta7261 prom lol 
insta7262 love my makeup tonight! thank u :red_heart: 
insta7263 i'm obsessed. 
insta7264 these girls are so sweet!!! 
insta7265 with my girl at wango tango, :growing_heart: 
insta7266 wango tango here we come! 
insta7267 hello :) 
insta7268 i love baby blue :smiling_face: 
insta7269 bringing out the bad boyz. 
insta7270 ...he loves me. 
insta7271 hey. 
insta7272 photo projects :thumbs_up: 
insta7273 we are way too classy 
insta7274 i love blue...:blue_heart: 
insta7275 thats the way uhhhuh uhhhuh i like it 
insta7276 dinner gang 4 lyfe 
insta7277 best lunch! 
insta7278 hi khlo :) 
insta7279 havin trouble fittin in the driveway, brah?! 
insta7280 kendall's drawing vs. kylie's drawing 
insta7281 my new pillow! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::skull: 
insta7282 hi 
insta7283 waddup 
insta7284 love the retro look :) 
insta7285 im in the corner watchin you kiss her!!!!! ooohhhh! 
insta7286 photoshoot 
insta7287 sleepover with my mains 
insta7288 my girls! 
insta7289 dance dance :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta7290 shout out to my best guy friend ever!!! bffls love yaaaa 
insta7291 thank you 
insta7292 hiiiiii:kiss_mark: 
insta7293 found passed out in kendall's bed :thumbs_up: 
insta7294 :sparkles: 
insta7295 :nail_polish: 
insta7297 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7298 •love the way you lie, part ii• 
insta7299 who is ready for kuwtk season 7? i know i am! 
insta7300 hackkkeddd 
insta7301 happy birthday emmm!!! love u 
insta7302 :face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss: follow! 
insta7303 follow my beautiful bestfriend right now!!! :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta7304 sickkkkkkk 
insta7306 go adam! 
insta7307 love this outfit i wore in nyc! 
insta7309 only real sisters match :) :growing_heart: 
insta7310 you win haha :purple_heart: 
insta7311 :winking_face: very fun shoot with yesterday 
insta7312 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7313 and love from me to you :kiss_mark: 
insta7314 fun with mom :) 
insta7315 liz. 
insta7317 had such a fun time at ! 
insta7318 huge congrats to on the opening of his restaurant! love ya! 
insta7319 scott's restaurant opening last night! 
insta7320 sister sister 
insta7322 yo liz. 
insta7323 beginning the day with kenya 
insta7324 leggooooo 
insta7325 matching :smiling_face: 
insta7326 hey liz. 
insta7327 la :airplane: nyc 
insta7328 rockstar 101 
insta7329 love these girls! 
insta7330 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7331 photo bomb 
insta7332 found this photo of me and cc! miss her 
insta7334 :sparkles: 
insta7335 everything did :dress::high-heeled_shoe::crown::nail_polish::mouth: 
insta7336 act like a lady.. think like a man. 
insta7338 jomari photography 
insta7339 my :baby_angel: 
insta7340 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7341 hellloooooooo 
insta7342 hiiiii kendall! 
insta7344 was trying to get to my hideout and it's all blocked by flowers.. they are pretty though:) :sunflower: 
insta7345 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta7346 ridin round town in da big ol truck.. with gus! 
insta7347 brandon gets left to run with the dogs 
insta7348 cookies wifff :purple_heart: 
insta7349 ;) 
insta7351 tannin in the rain yolo 
insta7352 ..taking pics while running a mile in the rain to the car :victory_hand: 
insta7354 we usually talk. 
insta7355 koko is in the house! 
insta7356 still obsessed with this photo... :United_States: 
insta7357 :purple_heart: 
insta7358 bang! (zylie) 
insta7359 my churls! 
insta7361 i love my mom! 
insta7362 oreo cookies :) 
insta7363 burberry 
insta7365 my lovely friends i just ran into ;) 
insta7367 photo bombers 
insta7368 :purple_heart: 
insta7369 my loves!!!! 
insta7370 season 7 
insta7371 meet coconut :) 
insta7372 side face ;) 
insta7373 leaving the beautiful disney land! had the most amazing time with friends:) my favorite place!!! 
insta7374 love this place! 
insta7375 i love my flowers 
insta7376 my reward if i'm good 
insta7377 ohhh hayyy 
insta7378 makeup by 
insta7379 out to dinner with my girls! 
insta7380 rodeo dr. 
insta7381 such a fun time with spencer and maddy in the dr, miss them :purple_heart: 
insta7382 elizabeth ;) 
insta7383 gotta love these long car rides :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7384 hello 
insta7385 day out with liz and ken :purple_heart: 
insta7387 love this behind the scenes photo from our 3d desert shoot! 
insta7388 errdays a party in the dominican republic 
insta7389 goodbye dr! 
insta7390 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7393 braid ;) 
insta7394 love these 
insta7395 :purple_heart: 
insta7396 by the ocean, watching the sunset with my one and only :) (mason) 
insta7397 love them 
insta7398 boskmrain forever :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart::growing_heart::red_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta7399 :blue_heart: 
insta7400 this is the best surprise ever!!!!!!! my best friend (sister) in the whole wide world! i love you 
insta7404 desert photo by 
insta7406 oh how things change. 
insta7407 went to yamatos to get some diet coke, now off to eat 
insta7408 :victory_hand: 
insta7409 waiting for to wake up 
insta7411 jules 
insta7412 :girl::woman: 
insta7413 :smiling_face: 
insta7414 leggo 
insta7416 :purple_heart: 
insta7417 my love! 
insta7419 a shot you didn't get to see from the shoot! :yellow_heart: 
insta7420 night stas :thumbs_up: 
insta7421 casual dinner 
insta7422 parking lot photo shoot! lol leggo! 
insta7423 yeah, we're weird. whatever! yolo! 
insta7424 tuesday night fun with my sissy! 
insta7425 last kings! twins. 
insta7427 :purple_heart: 
insta7428 had a lil date with my mom today at the mirror mirror premiere! such a cute movie. 
insta7429 elizabeth :red_heart: 
insta7430 kim's my fav. bye vegas! 
insta7431 love them 
insta7432 :purple_heart:mommy 
insta7433 and the brother :purple_heart: 
insta7434 da crew. 
insta7436 hello! 
insta7437 hello beautifuls 
insta7439 :blue_heart: 
insta7440 vegas twime 
insta7441 :red_heart::girl::woman: 
insta7442 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7444 new look 
insta7446 matching rings with father! 
insta7447 hunger games 
insta7448 kid cudi stopped by the box. 
insta7449 obsessed with these. 
insta7450 bing box preparation 
insta7451 what?! hahahahahahha and i do not have eating disorders. it's called bruce jenners genes 
insta7452 :red_heart: 
insta7453 :purple_heart::red_heart::green_heart: 
insta7454 louis' gettin big! 
insta7455 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7456 is life 
insta7457 pink hur don't cur 
insta7458 :) :red_heart::nail_polish: 
insta7459 :necktie: 
insta7460 reunited and it feels so good. 
insta7461 hi baby :horse_face: 
insta7462 purp shoes, blonde hur.. leggo 
insta7463 it's okay ken! you can come out from under the towel now... 
insta7464 thanks vin :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7465 swim twime 
insta7466 starships were meant to fly! hands up and touch the sky! hate that song so much that i love it! 
insta7468 heyooooo! 
insta7469 rainbow cupcakes (pancakes) 
insta7470 omg. 
insta7472 heaven has come to me. 
insta7473 ran into some of my best friends at ralph's p.s. kendall is not flipping of the camera bahahhaha 
insta7474 mobin 
insta7475 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta7476 mmmmm. 
insta7477 you're just jealous 
insta7478 :red_heart: 
insta7479 was in the same dressing room that my dad was in 7 years ago. 
insta7480 taken from 
insta7481 yessssssssssssssssssss 
insta7482 what i do on the weekends. 
insta7483 cloudy day today. :dashing_away: 
insta7484 leggo! 
insta7485 :girl::girl::girl::red_heart: 
insta7486 :dog_face::loudly_crying_face: i'm sorry. 
insta7488 cheer leader 
insta7489 piercing it up. 
insta7491 tune into americas next top model next week! an amazing episode with amazing girls! had such a fun time. 
insta7492 :red_heart::party_popper: 
insta7493 project x premiere! the funniest movie. i did not stop laughing! you all need to see it! 
insta7494 one of the most dedicated fans, love u! 
insta7495 :lipstick::mouth::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7497 went with the skull purse! oh yeah! lego! 
insta7498 should i bring this along with me tonight? :winking_face: 
insta7499 obsession with skulls:skull: 
insta7500 aw my teacher still has my drawings! 
insta7501 "i loveeee my friends!" 
insta7503 my fabulous team 
insta7504 real eyes-realize-real lies 
insta7505 keep calm and carry on. 
insta7506 ...she looked 
insta7507 hey look mom! 
insta7508 lil kenya sippin her frozen lemonade and coloring! you're doing great ken! 
insta7509 lil me in the back. you will forever be my flyer :crying_face: 
insta7511 yes please. 
insta7512 i love my sisters more than anything in this world :red_heart: 
insta7514 chop zone 
insta7516 i loves u 
insta7517 your not loving until u follow 
insta7518 .. i miss u 
insta7519 we are youungggg~ 
insta7520 aww 
insta7521 :purple_heart: outfits 
insta7522 :purple_heart: 
insta7523 duckface and loving it:kiss_mark: 
insta7524 leggo. skulls=everything 
insta7525 :girl::woman: 
insta7526 just hangin out with :man: 
insta7527 :) 
insta7528 :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta7529 leggo 
insta7532 found ducks in the pool this morning. :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: please stay! 
insta7533 "just gorg." 
insta7534 freshhh 
insta7535 do ya chain hang low 
insta7537 photo booth in da car 
insta7539 leggo! 
insta7540 jacuzzi twine 
insta7541 more photos soon to come! 
insta7542 spray tan probz 
insta7545 happy birthday uncle robert! 
insta7547 black & yellow 
insta7548 scott's new car. so dope. 
insta7549 kendall's the odd one out. 
insta7550 it's a girl:) couldn't be happier for you love u! 
insta7551 ..we thought we were slick. 
insta7552 :red_heart: 
insta7553 yolo 
insta7554 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta7555 :girl::woman: 
insta7556 dyed my hurr the other day. slowly going lighter :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7557 life is nifty after fifty. 
insta7558 my vinny substitute. by the crew. 
insta7561 not me 
insta7562 hahah paparazzi caught me and ... we are so weird. yolo 
insta7563 :girl::princess: 
insta7566 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7567 blonde! do we like? 
insta7569 ken! 
insta7570 ken! 
insta7571 the carefree days~ 
insta7572 my dad is back on the wheaties box! he just revealed it today. so proud of you bruzer! 
insta7573 the fam reppin' :OK_hand: 
insta7574 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7575 happy valentines day instafam! 
insta7576 :sparkles: 
insta7577 :red_heart::kiss_mark::growing_heart::face_blowing_a_kiss::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7578 hello my name is sugar pie. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7579 herve leger, meh. 
insta7580 :winking_face: 
insta7581 ooo la la :kiss_mark::growing_heart: 
insta7582 "ready for the day" lawl 
insta7583 just 4 today. 
insta7584 glam time! 
insta7585 big ballin shawty milla putin 
insta7586 :red_heart: 
insta7588 coco chanel 
insta7589 :loudly_crying_face: 
insta7590 :red_heart::face_blowing_a_kiss::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7592 :loudly_crying_face: 
insta7593 woah. it's a joke everyone 
insta7594 1/2 birthday! 
insta7595 kendall doing finishing touches. :sport_utility_vehicle: 
insta7596 car=cleaned 
insta7598 half cookies for me! 
insta7599 thank u lara !! 
insta7600 ahhh happy half birthday to me! :party_popper::balloon::wrapped_gift: i love my friends! 
insta7601 ...typical zolie move. 
insta7602 spotted: scott disick. 
insta7603 sombrero! 
insta7604 :red_heart: 
insta7605 dingo ate my baby and she's sad. and now she's mad. and she will soon be bad. 
insta7606 bored, waiting. lol. i spy kris jenner 
insta7607 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7608 :victory_hand: 
insta7609 chips me. :oncoming_fist: 
insta7610 so hot 
insta7611 ridin' dirty 
insta7612 do you like our white balls? 
insta7613 preciate it. 
insta7614 khlomoney and rkash getting ready for there music video shoot 
insta7615 :face_blowing_a_kiss:koko 
insta7616 first official photo of my sister and her dad! like father like daughter! 
insta7617 shiest's 
insta7618 hollywood 
insta7619 spotted 
insta7620 ayy 
insta7621 :smiling_face: 
insta7622 you are missed. 
insta7623 :high-heeled_shoe::kiss_mark::red_heart: 
insta7624 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7625 my babbbbbbyyyyyyy :red_heart: 
insta7626 excited for the movie! 
insta7627 all ready for "the vow" premiere! 
insta7628 getting ready for "the vow" premiere tonight! can't wait. 
insta7629 jealous ? 
insta7630 casual look back 
insta7631 <3 
insta7633 he said he liked this one. lol! 
insta7634 awww. <33 
insta7635 :woman::girl: 
insta7638 valley girls and, like, proud. 
insta7639 fanny packin' it. 
insta7641 anastasia karanikolaou. is my best friend. 
insta7643 !!!!!!!!! 
insta7645 bye bye tuxedos 
insta7646 oh! ken! do you need help?! 
insta7647 oh kendall! you know the segway doesn't like you like that. 
insta7648 t-holland in the house! 
insta7649 to ride a horse is to ride the sky :red_heart: 
insta7650 "all that i know is i don't know how to be something you miss...</3" 
insta7651 kendall's photo project awhile back! lol! just found these photos. 
insta7653 lil sleepy babies 
insta7655 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7659 spotted. 
insta7660 teen vogue cover shoot. 
insta7662 :movie_camera::lipstick::nail_polish::person_getting_haircut::kiss_mark: 
insta7663 :red_heart: 
insta7667 retro. 
insta7668 the best manager head shots i've ever seen. :smirking_face: 
insta7670 :movie_camera: 
insta7671 touchups :lipstick: 
insta7672 kendlie. 
insta7673 ..that's whats up. 
insta7674 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7675 liz's turn! 
insta7676 still going! lol! 
insta7677 my grandmother. do i look like her?! 
insta7678 i guess i'll join... 
insta7679 i didn't know this was a common thing in the jenner house. lol 
insta7680 this is jomari 
insta7681 my sister is cute! 
insta7683 krispy kreme :red_heart: 
insta7684 cottons on tv!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
insta7685 mcgriddle, hash brown, and a carmel frap. 
insta7686 :lipstick::movie_camera::nail_polish::person_getting_haircut: 
insta7687 the dog lover of the family 
insta7689 :red_heart: 
insta7690 sister! 
insta7691 it's a day. 
insta7692 hey 
insta7694 :eyes: 
insta7696 year book pic. do i go back to light brown? mmmmm 
insta7697 lol... girls these days. 
insta7698 for all of you wondering lol.. it's 
insta7699 last kings but i'm still on my queen ish. 
insta7700 last kings! 
insta7702 well said! lol xo 
insta7703 love my brother. 
insta7704 i love my mom. <33 
insta7705 throwback 
insta7706 cowgirl at :red_heart: 
insta7707 tuxedo nails. :necktie::nail_polish: 
insta7708 so pretty :smiling_face: 
insta7709 :nail_polish::) 
insta7710 my cutest friends! 
insta7712 hood gurls. the famous in white. in purp. myself in grey. 
insta7713 pretty little liars time. 
insta7714 love>hate 
insta7715 tutor twime. 
insta7716 yayyyy. 
insta7717 coming home to see little karen running on our tread meal 
insta7718 "i just want to curl up in a warm ball" :umbrella_with_rain_drops: && lara! 
insta7719 :red_heart: 
insta7720 lam! 
insta7722 yolo 
insta7723 .. found this written in the sand. creeped out? check. 
insta7724 just me with the sunset :d 
insta7725 exactly what i needed to end my day. :sunrise: 
insta7726 bu bound! 
insta7728 as we grow up, we learn that even the one person that wasn't supposed to ever let you down probably will. you will have your heart broken probably more than once and it's harder every time. you'll break hearts too, so remember how it felt when yours was broken. you'll fight with your best friend. you'll blame a new love for things an old one did. you'll cry because time is passing too fast, and you'll eventually lose someone you love. so take too many pictures, laugh too much, and love like you've never been hurt because every sixty seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you'll never get back. 
insta7729 yeeessss. 
insta7730 lol! good morning to my doggies! 
insta7731 you'll never know how i got this picture! muahahahaha!!!! 
insta7732 guess where we are! 
insta7733 hayyyyy! 
insta7734 reunited with my best friend and it feels so good!! 
insta7735 night ! 
insta7736 what color is kylie going now?! 
insta7737 my favorite thing in life! 
insta7738 :eyes: 
insta7739 anastasia: "if you could marry a fruit which one would u marry?" me: "pomegranate" anastasia: "i'd marry a blueberry :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes:" awwwww why is my friend so cute?! 
insta7742 black, red, and spikes. i mean that's all there really is to it. 
insta7746 peace, love, and matzo ball soup. 
insta7747 i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
insta7748 sleeps like a little burrito. 
insta7749 doesn't everyone wake up and put their shades on? 
insta7750 true friends brush your teeth for you when you ate too lazy to get out of bed. 
insta7751 hanging out with baby kylie. 2007 & 2011 
insta7752 the new shades. ;) 
insta7754 i want summer. :sun::person_surfing: 
insta7756 the best 
insta7757 ...you already know. 
insta7758 :baby::red_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta7761 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::kiss_mark: 
insta7763 :pot_of_food::cooking::bread::soft_ice_cream::hamburger::french_fries::spaghetti::red_apple::shortcake::eggplant: 
insta7764 go mavs! :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: 
insta7766 kenny! 
insta7767 hello! 
insta7768 :victory_hand: 
insta7769 follow the bestie !!! 
insta7770 will, paul, bob 
insta7771 thx. 
insta7773 :face_blowing_a_kiss::dog_face: 
insta7774 dogs! who can see my shhhlippers? :frog: 
insta7775 kitty!!! 
insta7776 :memo::open_book: 
insta7778 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta7780 ayyyy 
insta7781 :lipstick: 
insta7785 and nobody can tell us different. 
insta7786 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7788 follow my good friend ! 
insta7790 i miss you 
insta7791 ayyyyy! :victory_hand: 
insta7792 bh :palm_tree: 
insta7793 i love getting flowers! thank you flower lady! 
insta7794 kendall came to pick me up from tutor lookin all 
insta7795 my boyfrannn!!! 
insta7796 :memo::open_book: the.. the.. the... the grudge! 
insta7797 big thanks to my beautiful backpack for making its way home to me! i love and missed you dearly. i'm ready for you! 
insta7798 :guitar: 
insta7799 taken from: i miss you guys lol! 
insta7800 twilight :red_heart: 
insta7801 wurk it 
insta7802 she's precious. 
insta7803 this is my sister. 
insta7804 basketball games with my daddy! i love you. 
insta7806 color! 
insta7807 thank you. :red_heart: 
insta7808 :United_States: 
insta7809 "in order to be irreplaceable one must always be different" -coco chanel 
insta7810 :sun: hiiii 
insta7814 yes, i'm squirt. 
insta7815 :sun::United_States: 
insta7819 :ewe::rabbit_face: 
insta7820 horsey :horse: 
insta7821 :princess::woman::girl: 
insta7822 :princess::woman: 
insta7823 best fwends forevaaaaa 
insta7824 yoga :sunrise::victory_hand: 
insta7825 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: :elephant: face 
insta7826 :blue_heart::growing_heart::blue_heart: 
insta7827 can't wait. 
insta7829 :mouth: 
insta7831 :red_heart: 
insta7832 matte nails :nail_polish: 
insta7834 :kiss_mark: 
insta7835 2009- 
insta7836 familia :red_heart: 
insta7838 "life of an insta addict..." 
insta7839 this is the oldest we've ever been, and the youngest we'll ever be. 
insta7840 mohawk :thumbs_up: 
insta7842 :dog_face: 
insta7843 ohhh haiiii. 
insta7844 casual.. 
insta7848 :kiss_mark: 
insta7849 :girl::woman::princess: two brunettes and a blonde with an inseparable bond. 
insta7850 my best friend. :dog_face::snowman_without_snow::snake: 
insta7851 so long ago 
insta7852 happy new years! love you guys 
insta7853 hit!!! ***missing cheer**** 
insta7854 :kiss_mark: 
insta7855 beautiful inside and out. 
insta7856 my beautiful friend has my nail polish on her desk. 
insta7857 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta7858 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta7859 casual..... photo credit to 
insta7860 the 
insta7861 round 2 
insta7862 :winking_face: 
insta7863 i love you guys<3 
insta7864 :kiss_mark: 
insta7865 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7866 halloweeeennnnnn:) 
insta7867 i love :purple_heart::purple_heart::purple_heart::people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta7870 i love youuu christmas 11' 
insta7874 cheetah! 
insta7875 :kiss_mark: 
insta7878 times square. 
insta7879 my favorite thing in the whole wide world! 
insta7880 detox 
insta7881 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta7882 :) 
insta7883 my babies 
insta7884 hiiii red juicys :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::Santa_Claus::Santa_Claus::Santa_Claus::Santa_Claus: 
insta7885 matching pjs! christmas time! 
insta7886 i hope no one forgot about these photos! and merry christmas :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus: 
insta7887 :red_heart: 
insta7888 night then! 
insta7889 :dog_face: 
insta7890 one of my babies! 
insta7891 she makes me happyyyyyyy when skies are grey! 
insta7892 :kiss_mark: 
insta7893 this is my best friend. 
insta7894 having the best time. thought i should share lol. i love christmas time :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus: 
insta7896 :eyes: 
insta7897 special thanks to madeleine 
insta7898 "i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly" 
insta7900 shhhh 
insta7901 hiiiiiii:d 
insta7903 i love youuu mommy:) 
insta7904 mmmm:) 
insta7907 behind the scenes of our 2011 christmas card 
insta7908 :girl::girl: 
insta7909 khristmas kard 
insta7910 cheetah :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta7911 i love you. 
insta7912 :ewe: 
insta7913 drake:red_heart: 
insta7915 :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta7916 just instagramed without knowing 
insta7917 let's start off the day with an instagram pic :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7918 old episodes, i love you 
insta7919 crank that round 2? 
insta7920 i love you! 
insta7921 :red_heart: 
insta7922 las vegas kardashian khaos 
insta7923 :red_heart: 
insta7924 :red_heart: 
insta7925 :red_heart: 
insta7926 las vegas 
insta7927 bout to go on the carpet! vegasssss 
insta7928 for and !!! :OK_hand: 
insta7929 in the second limo.. waiting. :fire::water_pistol::astonished_face: vegas baby!!! 
insta7933 happy birthday to the man i would do anything for! i love you! 
insta7934 i missed you guys! && rome! 
insta7935 kanye and jay-z with the fam! 
insta7937 our school is going to state! so proud :american_football: 
insta7938 :sun: 
insta7939 surprised my sisters at their kardashian konfidential book signing now at barnes & noble in calabasas! 
insta7940 muffinnn<< 
insta7941 over my dead body 
insta7942 my other half :red_heart: 
insta7943 :sun: 
insta7944 my life. :horse_face: 
insta7945 i love you more than life! 
insta7946 and my excuse is that i'm young <33 
insta7947 pink hair-don't care 
insta7948 brittnayyyy spears style :snake: 
insta7949 lol :briefcase::necktie: 
insta7950 hi. 
insta7951 :red_heart: 
insta7952 2010-- 
insta7954 my gurrrllllll:winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7955 s[he's] br[ok]en 
insta7956 real eyes-realize-real lies 
insta7958 dance lol &&lauren 
insta7959 dance performance! :woman_dancing::people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta7960 crank that with 
insta7961 best fwend twime! 
insta7962 tutor twime 
insta7963 :red_heart: 
insta7964 gas twime! my cute sister pumpin' gas 
insta7965 school twime 
insta7966 definitely my best friends :purple_heart: 
insta7967 :princess::woman::kiss_mark: my best friend 
insta7968 ice cream twime!!! 
insta7970 temple run twimeee 
insta7971 snack twimeee! 
insta7972 "it's chwistmas twimee!" lol 
insta7973 :woman_dancing: 
insta7974 rainbow in the s-kylie:) only the best nail polish color 
insta7975 :growing_heart: 
insta7977 :american_football: 
insta7978 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta7979 :United_States: 
insta7980 hahah :princess::OK_hand: 
insta7981 venice-- 
insta7982 :party_popper: 
insta7983 ;) 
insta7984 ;) 
insta7985 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta7986 black/red--blonde 
insta7987 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7988 :red_heart: 
insta7989 cheer! :kiss_mark: 
insta7991 :kiss_mark: cousins(: 
insta7993 pink! 
insta7994 i miss the bing box! 
insta7995 love this guy! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta7997 my best friend!!! some things never change! 
insta7998 like father like daughter! 
insta8000 love you khlo! 
insta8001 :United_States: 
insta8002 i love my nephew :red_heart: 
insta8003 :red_heart: 
insta8004 i love my other half 
insta8005 :red_heart: glamm 
insta8006 miss you :red_heart: 
insta8007 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta8008 :microphone: 
insta8009 my boys! 
insta8010 tyga :red_heart: 
insta8011 my main squeeze :dog_face: 
insta8012 carly s. :heart_with_arrow: 
insta8013 trouble-- 
insta8015 julia and mak! :kiss_mark: 
insta8016 <3 julia friedman 
insta8017 :rabbit_face: 
insta8018 my bestfwends :cat_face: 
insta8019 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta8020 the. love. of. my. life. 
insta8021 sista sista! 
insta8022 aww night mom! 
insta8023 cuddle weather :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta8024 love>hate 
insta8025 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart: 
insta8026 my other half <3 
insta8028 take care ^=.=^ 
insta8030 happy birthday mum <3 
insta8031 3 3 3 
insta8032 rain day fire<3 
insta8033 happy valentine’s day! pink 8 is my fave shade for the holiday. how cute is this bird you guys?? :camera: 
insta8034 shop the limited edition valentine’s day collection now at skims.com and enjoy free shipping on domestic orders over $75. 
insta8037 160 million!!! i love you guys!!! 
insta8038 the vanity fair party was always a dream of mine to go to and i can officially check that off my glam bucket list! 
insta8039 :cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: stormiworld :cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: 
insta8040 i’m so excited to announce the valentine’s day collection — a limited edition capsule collection of our most loved solutionwear:trade_mark: styles in quartz, the perfect shade of dusty pink. launching friday, february 14 at 9am pst / 12pm est. join the waitlist now at skims.com to receive early access to shop the collection. 
insta8041 alexander mcqueen 2003 shipwrecked :oyster: oyster gown for oscars 2020 
insta8042 god i love my glam team!!!!!! thank you & you killed it!!! big thank you to your amazing assistants as well. i will do a glam break down on my ig stories tomorrow 
insta8043 date night oscars 2020 
insta8044 my fearless kids love animals :spider::kiss_mark::crocodile::snake::ant::scorpion::sloth: north & her friends loved spending the day with her wildlife hero and his animal friends! his new show premieres tonight on at 9pm est - if you love animal shows as much as we do, don’t miss it! 
insta8045 london town 
insta8046 i was so inspired working with & this look really pushed me to want to try new looks this year! i love meeting super talented artists and getting a chance to work with them after admiring their work on instagram 
insta8047 :cloud: 
insta8048 stretch satin is the perfect valentines gift! also big announcement coming tomorrow. you guys have been waiting for this!!!! so check my ig stories tomorrow! 
insta8049 wow! thank you to everyone who showed up to for the launch of today in store and online! the success of the products and the brand is because of you - and my team and i are so incredibly grateful. our solutionwear, fits everybody bra and underwear collection, boob tape, nipple covers and waist trainers are now officially available at select stores across the us and at nordstrom.com. we will be adding more stores and new products each month so be sure to follow for all updates - you won’t want to miss out. when shopping at be sure to share photos and your experience with us online. we will repost all of the best content. thank you again!!! 
insta8050 make up today by 
insta8051 the cover of is something i have always dreamed of. here is a glimpse of our minimal style and a pic of north’s room if you swipe! 
insta8052 happy birthday my sweet baby stormi. we love you so much!!!! thank you for being the best cousin to my babies :two_hearts: 
insta8053 baby love 
insta8054 :sparkles: 
insta8055 they get along now 
insta8056 chi’s favorite songs :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::sparkles: 
insta8057 my heart is so heavy. no one should ever experience what the families involved are going through. this has affected us all so much but i cannot begin to imagine what vanessa is feeling losing her husband and her baby girl. i cry just thinking about it. i am praying for the bryant family, the altobelli family and the families of all who perished in this unthinkable tragedy. rest in peace legend 
insta8058 i remember this night well.... y2k- new years eve 1999 about to be 2000. we thought the world was gonna be over going into 2000 so we stayed inside in our pj’s just in case! 
insta8059 the cardi crew in cozy collection! should we really make these for kids? drop a comment below if we should do a mommy and me collection!!! 
insta8060 celestial skies is available now at the 3 new 5-pan eyeshadow palettes are perfect for throwing into your bag for on the go and include the most gorgeous shades to create any day to evening look. our brand new lip crayons available in 5 colors are moisturizing and give your lips a beautiful lacquer finish. to complete your look, we have also introduced brand new blush trios in both shimmer and matte finishes. i’m so proud of these new products and cannot wait to see all the looks you will be able to create with them! shop now only at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8061 :ribbon: my baby minnie mouse :ribbon: 
insta8062 so did my make up here!!!!!how good is she???? and cute is she???? go to her youtube channel and watch our video!!!! 
insta8063 i pray something good happens to you :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8064 so excited to introduce stretch satin. a new collection of ultra-luxe intimates available in new tonal shades and in sizes xxs - 4x. the fabric is super stretchy, has a really pretty high sheen to enhance and accentuate your curves in all the right places. the new collection will launch 01.30 at 9am pst! join the waitlist now at skims.com to be the first to shop before it sells out. 
insta8065 tweet tweet 
insta8066 :camera_with_flash: 
insta8067 morning madness 
insta8068 more cabo :sun::sunglasses: 
insta8069 :sun_behind_cloud: celestial skies 1.24 :sun_behind_cloud: 
insta8070 :tiger: 
insta8071 morning :dizzy: 
insta8072 this shoot really made me miss blonde hair! comment below if i should go back blonde soon! i’m wearing all new the night sky eyeshadow palette in shades pink aura, rose dust and cosmic brown, the new classic mattes blush palette, and a mix of subtle nude and dreamy peach lip crayons. i can’t wait for you to try these shades! launches friday, 01.24 at 12pm pst 
insta8073 cabo 
insta8074 as everyone knows, my go to is always a bronze eye look - it’s my absolute favorite. i’ve been carrying the new bronze heaven 5-pan eyeshadow palette in my purse for months now and it’s been my go to especially when i am traveling and have to do my own glam. the combination of matte, metallic gold and brown shades are perfect for everyday and when you want a more glam look the smooth formula makes it very easy for layering. i’m wearing the brand new lip crayon in rose dust and the classic shimmers blush palette. launches on friday 01.24 at 9am pst! 
insta8075 i’m in love with the new sepia sunset eyeshadow palette’s warm hues of matte and metallic shadows. the gorgeous peachy and bronze shades in this 5-pan palette are the perfect combination to achieve my signature look that is very wearable for everyday. i’m also wearing the subtle nude lip crayon which gives my lips a creamy lacquer finish, and the classic mattes blush palette. i can’t wait for this collection to launch on friday, 01.24 at 9am pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8076 i’m so excited to introduce to you new, never been launched before products: 5-pan eye shadow palettes, lip crayons and blush palette trios! the celestial skies 5-pan eyeshadow palettes are all you will need to create a gorgeous eye look. they are the perfect size to travel with and the colors from each of the 3 new palettes are so versatile. i’ve also created a new lip crayon in a formula that provides rich and creamy coverage with a lacquer finish that will be available in 5 colors. to complete your look, we will also be launching a beautiful blush trio in both shimmer and matte finishes. each of these products will become your everyday glam essentials and i cannot wait for you to experience them! launching 01.24 at 12pm pst kkwbeauty.com 
insta8077 happy birthday my sweet baby girl chicago!!! i can’t believe you are already 2! you bring so much joy into our lives. i love watching you grow every day! my smart, sassy and silly girl! mommy loves you forever! 
insta8078 kimye 
insta8079 fittings :dress: 
insta8080 :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8081 always packing 
insta8082 :bullseye: swipe for major cuteness :bullseye: 
insta8083 baby north & me traveling 
insta8084 if you look closely at my necklace, you can see it’s from a text kanye sent me. he took an amazing vintage a cartier gold plaque necklace and had it sketched out. he’s always the most thoughtful when it comes to gifts :sparkles: 
insta8085 my sweet stormi and psalm 
insta8086 happy 40th birthday to my best friend in the entire world allison!!! we’ve been through everything together and i’m the luckiest girl to have the same best friend my whole life! my family! i’m so proud of you for being the best mom, wife and friend and run your own business while making it all look so easy. you are the most loyal friend to the end! i love you so much ali! omg this pic is from the summer of 1996 when we were in paris on tour with your dad and the eagles. we kept a diary this trip and i just read it :face_with_tears_of_joy:. so many amazing memories :sparkles: 
insta8087 flashback 
insta8088 going into 2020 as happy as saint!!! 
insta8089 found this old pic in my phone from a few months ago. they are getting so big :loudly_crying_face: 
insta8090 a little late but happy new year 
insta8091 :cookie: 
insta8092 baby k 
insta8093 triplets 
insta8094 simple 
insta8095 to lots of love in 2020 
insta8096 shop your favorite essentials now and receive up to 50% off sitewide. ends 01.01 at 11:59pm pst only at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8097 flashback to when psalm was so little. my baby northie is so helpful. how are my babies getting so big :loudly_crying_face: 
insta8098 christmas eve :Christmas_tree: 
insta8099 baby chi 
insta8100 me and my mommy and grandma forever love 
insta8101 my poor baby north wasn’t feeling good on a christmas eve, she had the stomach flu. you can see she wasn’t feeling well :crying_face:but she wanted to go to go to the party so badly. saint was ready to rock and was so excited to party. chicago wanted to see an elf but was afraid of santa and psalm is a perfect angel baby. 
insta8102 :snowflake: the west’s :snowflake: 
insta8103 christmas eve 2019 
insta8104 happy holidays :Christmas_tree::red_heart::green_heart::Christmas_tree: 
insta8105 happy holidays! big sale coming up soon go to for more details! 
insta8106 bts of my holiday campaign! i always need to be comfy when shooting so never pay attention to the bottom half that usually isn’t seen on a beauty campaign lol i love this glitz & glam palette! all of the new matte lipsticks and juicy glosses are a must have!!!! kkwbeauty.com. ps last pic showing our mascara - i love that we have gotten such rave reviews on our mascara! it’s one of our top sellers at i took a long time developing it so i am so happy you all are loving it! 
insta8107 who has gotten their kkw x mario collection the artist and muse? i want to see your looks! tag us ! it’s still available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8108 :sparkles: 
insta8109 more from saint’s birthday 
insta8110 channeling sophia loren wearing mugler private archives for :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: what a dream :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: art direction by photographed by styled by make up hair video 
insta8111 holiday season :Christmas_tree::sparkles: 
insta8112 me in my pajamas! skims.com 
insta8113 happy birthday !!! i found this pic of us from 2008 in vegas! it’s so crazy how long we’ve known each other and how we have evolved together in business and our family life! i love you beyond what you can imagine and am so proud of all the hard work you do! i am so grateful to have you in my life! 
insta8114 squad 
insta8115 kanye and i threw saint the coolest :T-Rex::sauropod: dinosaur :sauropod: :T-Rex: party for his 4th birthday!!! he had so much fun! thank you 
insta8116 diddy’s 50th birthday :sparkles: 
insta8117 my fave pajamas available now skims.com follow us on instagram 
insta8119 the most comfy pajamas are now live! we also restocked the cozy collection skims.com 
insta8120 :heart_suit: 
insta8121 feeling glam tonight! 
insta8122 happy birthday reigny! you are the silliest little kid i know. thank you for being saints best friend and always having his back! i love you more than you could ever imagine!!!! 
insta8123 happy birthday mason! you are so special and bring such a light into all of our lives! i know it’s annoying all of the other cousins are so much younger but they look up to you so much! thank you for being the best big cousin for my babies. i can’t believe you were this photo was taken 10 years ago! we all love you so much. 
insta8124 the west family christmas card 2019 
insta8125 the cozy collection is restocking just in time for the holidays! it sold out quickly last time, so join the waitlist at skims.com to get first access! the restock will be available 12.16 at 9am pst 
insta8126 i’m so excited for another amazing launch... the sleep collection!! the modal jersey fabric is so stretchy, comfortable & breathable, i’m always sleeping in these now. :sleeping_face: they will come in colors bone, slate and onyx. (i’m wearing slate in these pics) check out the full collection and sign up for the waitlist at skims.com to be the first to shop! the sleep collection will be available on 12.16 at 9am pst. 
insta8127 4eva!!!!! 
insta8128 stormi loves my psalmy so much! 
insta8129 so many moods 
insta8130 study time 
insta8131 glitz & glam collection — gold sparkle is one of my all-time favorite glosses! shop it now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8132 we’re live go to skims.com to get the cozy collection! 
insta8133 my ace! :spade_suit: 
insta8134 launching our cozy collection today at 9am skims.com you don’t want to miss out on this collection, trust me! best holiday gift ever!!! 
insta8135 chicago in tokyo 
insta8136 that time north dressed chi in matching outfits :sparkles::women_with_bunny_ears: 
insta8137 :camera_with_flash: 
insta8138 only a few more hours until the glitz & glam collection is available! i’m so excited for you guys to try the full collection with party-perfect essentials just in time for the holidays. :sparkles: shop it at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8139 it doesn’t get much sweeter than this 
insta8140 ‪i’m so obsessed with this lip! we used the 90’s vogue liner & matte lipstick. i wanted a glossy look so we used black cherry gloss on my lips & then put a touch of it on my lids over the glitz & glam palette shadows! it all drops tomorrow at noon pst kkwbeauty.com‬ :camera_with_flash: 
insta8141 it’s officially the season! what is your favorite holiday tradition? get this look with 
insta8142 i have no words to describe how much i love your smile and those curls of yours saint! you bring so much joy into my soul. you are so kind, loving and just so thoughtful and sweet! i am so happy today if your 4th birthday and we get to celebrate how much you’ve grown! happy birthday my sweet sweet sainty. (when i say to him my sweet sweet sainty, he says back to me my sweet sweet sweet sweet momma, the best momma in the world and the only momma i ever want! how can you not melt at his sweetness) 
insta8143 last night in miami at the men’s show. thank you for the crazy fit!!!! we had the best time!!! 
insta8144 omg i’ve been dying to share this with you guys... it’s probably my most exciting launch yet!!! the cozy collection has pajamas & loungewear pieces that i have been living in at home - i even sleep in this robe sometimes! it comes in 4 amazing colors, you guys are going to die when you feel how soft this fabric is... you will never want to take it off! the cozy collection drops on monday, 12.09 at 9am pst at skims.com — perfect timing for the most cozy holiday gift for yourself and loved ones! sign up for the wait list to be the first to know when we launch at skims.com 
insta8145 :zany_face::nerd_face: 
insta8146 perfect for the holidays! so excited to announce the glitz & glam collection launching this friday, 12.06! the new collection features gorgeous rich metallic and shimmery hues to create the ultimate glam look, including a 6-pan eyeshadow palette, three glosses, a matte lipstick set with 3 new colors and a new lip liner color. plus, we’re launching a new limited-edition rose gold shade for the body collection’s perfecting body shimmer and shimmer powder for face & body. shop on 12.06 at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8147 introducing the new limited-edition skin perfecting body shimmer in rose gold from our new glitz & glam collection. the highly reflective pearls are extra blingy and the moisturizing ingredients give you a healthy, long-lasting, radiant finish and effortless glow. shop on friday, 12.06 at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com. 
insta8148 my beauty situation today 
insta8149 old fitting pics. i borrowed this dress from kylie, sorry ky. i will return it soon lol 
insta8150 focused kkw x mario artist :woman_artist: & muse:princess_light_skin_tone: :camera_with_flash: donna trope 
insta8151 so thankful for all of my babies 
insta8152 so thankful for my babies 
insta8153 :kiss_mark::victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8154 houston :sparkles: 
insta8155 introducing the brand new kkw fragrance diamonds trio, a gift set with three travel sized 10ml bottles for only $45 — the perfect stocking stuffer and great for a refresh on-the-go. shop the set thursday, 11.28 at 12pm pst on kkwfragrance.com 
insta8156 so proud of for his courageous speech at the influencer awards. he’s such a private person and i’m so proud he opened up about his inner struggles and has found the strength to share that with the world. i love you mario! thanks for glamming me with our new collab this night! you guys can get it now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8157 you know what they say: diamonds by is a girl's best friend :winking_face::gem_stone: so excited to announce that our 3 sparkling scents, & 3 luxe diamond bottles are now available at store now! shop them for $40 in ulta beauty! 
insta8158 i love this collection so much! kkw x mario kkwbeauty.com 
insta8159 sabey wears the artist & i need more light from the the artist & muse eyeshadow palette and proud of you gloss, all available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8160 such a beautiful look using the new collection available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8161 i love this look using our kkw x mario: the artist & muse. it’s sultry and feminine. so beautiful. shop the collection now kkwbeauty.com 
insta8162 these tones make me happy! peachy creamy with a darker lip liner to add dimension. kkw x mario: the artist & muse kkwbeauty.com 
insta8163 this eye shadow color “mario’s muse” is one of my favorites and back in the day when i was obsessed with matching my shadow to my hair clips and outfits i loved a beautiful shimmer cranberry color like this! be sure and shop the collection now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8164 the kkw x mario: the artist and muse collection is now live on kkwbeauty.com i love this look did using the entire collection! 
insta8165 swatches make me so happy! this palette is so delish! so neutral but warm can do some major looks too! can’t wait to see what looks you create with this palette and post them! just an hour and a half until launch time! kkw x mario: the artist and muse collection 
insta8166 glam possibilities are endless with the new the artist & muse collection. get it today at 12pm pst! 
insta8167 the artist & muse eyeshadow palette features a mix of matte & metallic shadows in warm nudes, browns and golds. shop the collection today at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8168 i am so proud of this collection! when is involved he is an absolute perfectionist and won’t stop working until we have the most perfect lip liner lipstick, gloss combination, the most perfect eye shadow formula that’s super pigmented with little fall out. and i always want a classic look. it was so important to mario to have our desert island collection. a collection that if we were stranded on a deserted island and could only grab one forever this would be it! i truly can’t wait for you guys to get this classic kkw mario look that’s classic yet rich and feminine and soft! 
insta8169 kkw x mario: the artist and muse launches tomorrow 12pm pst kkwbeauty.com 
insta8170 looking forward to quality time with my favorites next week. what are you most grateful for this thanksgiving? follow and click on their link in bio to get this look. 
insta8171 how good would this dress have been if it fit :loudly_crying_face: 
insta8172 best friends! 
insta8173 i can’t wait! just a few days until the kkw x mario: the artist & muse collection drops this friday. kkwbeauty.com 
insta8174 out with the fam bam but these shoesssssss :fire::fire::fire: :camera: 
insta8175 we are live on skims.com for our shapewear restock!! 
insta8176 my heart! 
insta8177 my northie was so little :two_hearts: 
insta8178 just a post to say i love him so much :heart_suit: 
insta8179 infomercials are here!!!! thank you for making my 90’s infomercial dreams come true!!! skims.com restocking wednesday of all shapewear and new styles too!!!! 
insta8180 go to my stories this morning to check out the kkw x mario: the artist and muse press box reveal. launching nov 22 and 12pm pst 
insta8181 chi chi 
insta8182 :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone:kkw diamonds is available at kkwfragrance.com :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: 
insta8183 happy sunday! these cuties always make me smile :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta8184 fittings :dress::sparkles: 
insta8185 always 
insta8186 today, i had the honor of meeting in person and the privilege of sitting with him when he got the news that the highest court in texas had issued a stay of execution and remanded the case back to the trial court for further consideration. words cannot describe the relief and hope that swept over the room in that moment. that hope had been building over the last few weeks around rodney’s case. we have seen democrats and republicans come together. we have seen grassroots activists and lawmakers link arms. we have heard people all around the globe speak up. and all because of a deep belief that every man or woman accused of a crime - especially one punishable by death - deserves the chance to have all available evidence considered. so grateful for the commitment and passion of everyone who voiced their support, the texas board of pardons and paroles for their recommendation to issue a 120 day reprieve, and the courts for issuing a stay! 
insta8187 i know it feels like we’ve been out of stock for a long time but i am so excited to announce that we are finally restocking our original solutionwear:trade_mark: on wednesday, november 20th at 9am pst / 12pm est! after the name change, we wanted to make sure we didn’t waste any of the original product, so we tried and tested hundreds of different approaches to remove the old branding to ensure we saved it all. these are the original pieces we’re bringing back on november 20th, which will feature a super soft fabric skims label! we’ll also be introducing 4 new solutionwear:trade_mark: styles based on your comments and requests since we launched that i can’t wait to show you. be sure to join the waitlist at skims.com to be the first to shop when the collection drops! 
insta8188 first of all...happy birthday to mom today because without her i wouldn’t be who i am today without mario! this is a typical glam session with mario and i. me on my phone, him laser focused and us testing out new formula and colors. (this is not our final palette) kkw x mario the artist and muse- nov 22. :camera: 
insta8189 so busy these days i wish i had a clone! follow and click on their link in bio to clone yourself. 
insta8190 my new staple fragrance is my diamonds :gem_stone: collection collab i did with my sisters ! each one of our diamond fragrances smells so amazing! be sure and check it out at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8191 don’t worry shapewear lovers! i know it seems like we have been out of stock for a long time and we have been due to the name change issue at the beginning of our launch but follow the account for details. we have a big announcement coming soon! 
insta8192 :gem_stone: 
insta8193 for over 11 years, mario and i have worked together and created some incredible glam moments. i’ve watched him grow from a talented young artist who slowly and respectfully worked his way up through the years in the the old fashioned way, never expecting short cuts and always putting his work and others first. he values hard work and is loyal to the core. never one to follow trends, he’s become a trailblazer, pioneer, educator and an inspiration to artists around the world. i’m so excited i can finally announce our 2nd collaboration together. i’ve watched him work passionately for the past year on this collection and campaign (and he’s also driven us all crazy!) in his quest for perfection. stay tuned for round 2 of kkw x mario: the artist and muse :heart_suit: you guys are going to love this collection!!! 
insta8194 thank you so much to everyone who voted for our family for best reality show at the people’s choice awards. we are grateful for the win!!! 
insta8195 happy birthday sweet dreamy! we all love you so very much! going through my phone and see so much of you and saint makes my heart so happy that you all are so close and have each other :two_hearts:. 
insta8196 i love launching products near the holidays because it’s always so hard to figure out what to get special people in your life so we’re making it really easy on you guys this holiday season! make sure to pick up before it’s sold out kkwfragrance.com 
insta8197 nyc :black_heart: :camera: 
insta8198 my favorite sister shoot ever! we’re almost sold out! such a successful launch! thank you so much everyone who got your bottle! there’s still some left! kkwfragrance.com 
insta8199 for the shoot we wanted to do something different with our glam! i love curly hair for this shoot and saw such amazing amazing response with khloe going brunette again. glad we talked her into that! hope you guys got the new diamonds collection available now on kkwfragrance.com 
insta8200 available now! kkwfragrance.com 
insta8201 :sparkles: 
insta8202 my diamonds collection with my sisters is now live! (link in bio) we had so much fun working together for this collaboration and cannot wait for you to experience it! comment and let me know which one you bought! :kiss_mark: 
insta8203 kanye and i celebrating and presenting him with the fashion innovator award at the awards! first pic :camera: 
insta8204 i’ve been spending more time in nyc and i love it here! :camera: 
insta8205 fittings :sparkles: 
insta8206 today we celebrate my mom. anyone that knows her, knows how sentimental she is. for her birthday i planned a small lunch, with just her kids and her closest friends of 40 + years. i sent out invites with a location where we all met. when everyone arrived, i told them i had a surprise and this wasn’t where we would be eating. i then gave everyone the real invitation and once everyone saw the address for where we would be going tears filled the room. i rented our childhood home. all of our memories live here especially with our dad. it’s where each kardashian child was born and made us who we are. growing up, the home had the most ridiculous wallpaper and kitchen set! i remade all of our table settings, decor out of the same fabric and print as the wallpaper. we had lunch at the home as if it hadn’t changed and we cried the entire time. when we walked out to get our cars to drive there, i had another surprise! i had rented every car my parents ever owned. i had some waiting outside so we could drive them to the house and the rest were lined up in the driveway of the house exactly how my parents used to have them parked. i even remade the exact license plates. (yes my mom had a 2 die 4 license plate!) we drove to the home in these cars and relived our childhood! this was the best day ever. i am so proud i was able to keep such a meaningful surprise a secret from my mom and sisters for weeks! this was the most special, nostalgic day of my life and we felt my dad’s presence enjoying this day with us! i kept it together and didn’t cry the entire lunch even though i cried during the entire planning process. but at the end i went into my old bathroom, closed the door and cried so hard. 
insta8207 happy birthday mama!!!! today is your day! you are the best mom in the entire world. i don’t know how you do it! seriously my love and respect for you grows every single day seeing how you manage to take care of 6 kids, a million grand kids and make everyone feel so loved and special. you’ve given us the tools to be the best we can be and have taught us that kindness rules the world! i can’t wait to celebrate you today! i love you so much! 
insta8208 my fave nude lipsticks 
insta8209 nobu celebrating birthday! made me happy most of us were together again celebrating! happy 70th birthday :birthday_cake: 
insta8210 silly girls 
insta8212 my baby kenny happy birthday. you are the sweetest doll in the world. i wish you a lifetime of love and happiness! i love you so much and can’t wait to celebrate you today. 
insta8213 the movie sing :microphone: saint as johnny kanye as johnny’s dad psalm as johnny’s brother chicago as ash kanye went trick or treating like this and could hardly fit in the car :sport_utility_vehicle: :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8214 a bugs life! :bug::mosquito::ant: my costume glowed kanye’s costume moved and was all anamatronics 
insta8215 glow worm 
insta8216 west worms :bug: :bug::bug::bug::bug::bug: prelude 1 set to :musical_notes: lorna anderson 
insta8217 this family pic was such a challenge because chicago was so scared of dino! lol we tried to explain and show her that it was just daddy but she didn’t get the concept yet! so shout out to the photographer for editing her in & making our family flintstones dreams come true! 
insta8218 yabba dabba doo! 
insta8219 flintstones :bone: modern stone age family 
insta8220 harvard law.... what? like it’s hard??? 
insta8221 my kkw fragrance diamond is a fresh white floral scent with notes of ylang ylang, tropical floral leaves and coconut milk cream. launching on 11.08 at 12pm pst at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8222 legally blonde 
insta8223 sister act in armenia 
insta8224 we are sold out of our bonded collection! go to skims.com for updates! the cotton collection restocks tomorrow at 9am. 
insta8225 yesterday was such a huge victory for the armenian people when the us house of representatives acknowledged the armenian genocide! this photo was taken of me and my children this month in armenia :Armenia: by jackie nickerson 
insta8226 i’m so excited to announce the new diamonds collection by kourtney x kim x khloé!!! this collection is really special because it’s the first fragrance collaboration i’ve done with kourtney and khloe for my line. each of the fragrances really capture us individually. my scent is fresh and floral and becomes warmer as i wear it throughout the day. i can’t wait for you guys to smell how amazing these scents are!!! launching on 11.08 at 12pm pst at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8227 date night honoring our friend 
insta8228 styled by north * fake cast included 
insta8229 bo$$ ladies * i spy ! fun tip- when anything i have is sheer i always wear instead of lining the skirt! :camera: 
insta8230 our group chat is named lifers! we spent my birthday weekend in palm springs so comfy in our 
insta8231 nyc :camera: 
insta8232 jesus is king 
insta8233 forever my snuggle bug 
insta8234 our strongest solutionwear:trade_mark: is coming soon. the contour bonded collection offers the highest level of support for super strength smoothing and lifting. shop the contour bonded collection october 24 at 9ampst / 12pm est only at skims.com. join the waitlist now via the link in our bio to be the first to shop. 
insta8235 thank you so much for all of the birthday love! i had the best most relaxing birthday ever! i spent the weekend w my amazing friends in palm springs and then had a family dinner at my house tonight thrown by my mom and kanye. my favorite armenian restaurant carousel came and catered and then was surprised with a beignet truck and churro stand! i got amazing gifts from my whole family and kanye for me the most amazing bags. but he donated $1 million to my favorite charities that work so hard on prison reform on my behalf from him and the kids. this makes my heart so happy! 
insta8236 on my way to to check out the :kiss_mark: 
insta8237 today launched at and i couldn’t be more excited. i stopped into ulta in palm springs today and was so proud to see all of my product there and talk to new customers who hasn’t tried kkw beauty yet and that made me so happy! make sure you go check it out at all ulta stores. 
insta8238 too early for ice cream? 
insta8239 bts keeping up with the kardashians interviews (ps love the cream eyeliner matte’a 90’s collection!) 
insta8240 :ZZZ: 
insta8241 calling my team to check on restocking status!!! 
insta8242 obsessed 
insta8243 comfy cozy 
insta8244 what an amazing launch we had yesterday with our cotton collection. i know a lot is sold out but we still have some left. in this picture i’m wearing the cotton ribbed boxer and tank. i live in this! skims.com 
insta8245 i literally live in this cotton collection!!! select sizes and colors still available in many of our styles - shop now at skims.com and receive free domestic shipping on orders over $75 
insta8246 chicago in armenia :Armenia: :sparkles: 
insta8247 obsessed with these color tones. i’m wearing the color mineral here. the fabric is really stretchy and i love wearing these tanks with jeans and sweats too! available now at skims.com 
insta8248 i am so excited to announce that the cotton collection is now available at skims.com! i’m wearing the cotton t-shirt and cotton rib thermal legging in soot, made with ultra soft and breathable cotton. shop the cotton collection now at skims.com and receive free domestic shipping on orders over $75! 
insta8249 launching cotton collection tomorrow skims.com 
insta8250 visiting the armenian genocide museum was extremely emotional. i can’t believe with all of the photos from the massacres and published literature during this time that people still try to deny this ever happened. we will never forget that 1.5 million armenians were murdered. :Armenia: 
insta8251 :camera: :Armenia: 
insta8252 still can’t get over how amazing armenia is! thank you for making so many amazing memories happen for us! thank you president sarkissian for having us. 
insta8253 :kiss_mark: 
insta8254 i am so excited for the cotton collection to launch this tuesday. it’s the most comfortable every day bras and underwear in all of the tones i love! the comfy basics! i’m wearing the cotton underwire bra ($48) in kyanite, coming soon in 31 band and cup sizes. shop the cotton collection on october 15 at 9am pst / 12pm est and join the waitlist now at skims.com to be the first to shop. 
insta8255 kourtney and i visited and learned so much about how they are helping armenia. we met with women entrepreneurs in their program that are working hard to build the economy in armenia. :Armenia: so proud! 
insta8256 dinner with president sarkissian and his family was powerful. so many exciting things happening in armenia :Armenia: 
insta8257 :Armenia: 
insta8258 baptism 
insta8259 :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: :candle: 
insta8260 thank you armenia for such a memorable trip. so blessed to have been baptized along with my babies at mother see of holy etchmiadzin, armenia's main cathedral which is sometimes referred to as the vatican of the armenian apostolic church. this church was built in 303 ad.:camera: 
insta8261 introducing the skims cotton collection - launching oct 15 at 9am pst / 12pm est. my essential underwear and lounge pieces made from ultra soft cotton are coming soon! join the waitlist now at skims.com to be the first to shop the cotton collection before it sells out. go to my stories now for all of the colors and styles! 
insta8262 christmas shopping makes me happy any time of year :Christmas_tree: especially w my grandma mj. :eyes: my shoes :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::snowflake::water_wave:. :camera_with_flash: 
insta8263 i mean... who is hotter than my mom after giving birth to brother! 
insta8264 we just restocked solutionwear:trade_mark: in select styles and sizes in clay, sienna, umber, and onyx colors. shop now at skims.com before they sell out and enjoy free domestic shipping on orders over $75. 
insta8265 i always debate dying my hair this brown color. thoughts? 
insta8266 focused 
insta8267 we’re going to armenia :Armenia: 
insta8268 squad 
insta8269 i’m excited to announce that you can experience my newest fragrance kylie jenner x kkw fragrances in person at october 6th! head into your nearest store this sunday to try it! 
insta8270 :black_heart: wearing x winnie gloss in aura over classic icon lip liner kkwbeuaty.com 
insta8271 :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8272 emmys look- glam- :camera_with_flash: 
insta8273 casual trip to 7/11 wearing black sculpting short & sculpting brief on top for photographer: stylist: nails: make up: hair: 
insta8274 fits everyone collection skims.com :camera_with_flash: vanessa beecroft for 
insta8275 miss you dad. can’t believe today would be 16 years since you went to heaven. :sparkles: 
insta8276 the waist a trainer is here!!!! designed with ultra-thin, high-tech neoprene, the waist trainer ($68) is soft to the touch and undetectable under just about everything. available now in sizes xxs – 4x skims.com. free shipping on domestic orders $75+. 
insta8277 my new go to’s are the indra sunglasses. :sunglasses: shop now at carolinalemke.com 
insta8278 :sparkles: 
insta8279 might be time for a new look. which one?? follow and click on their link in bio to try beautify. 
insta8280 north wants you to see she lost her other front tooth! 
insta8281 my candle just dropped!!! this candle is inspired by one of my favorite scents, crystal gardenia. i love how this scent illuminates the room & makes me feel so calm. shop the candle individually or in a bundle w/the matching fragrance now at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8282 i’m obsessed with the fits everyone collection of basic bras and underwear in the best shades of so many nudes and black and in the most buttery soft stretchy fabric you’ve ever felt! i’ve never felt anything like this fabric. all available now at skims.com 
insta8283 i don’t know why i keep trying long nails?! i wish i was that girl but i’m just not. i like how they look in pics though :camera_with_flash: 
insta8284 new shoot coming soon :black_heart: 
insta8285 the simple life...i was 18 here. khloe and i would drive to arizona to visit allison & kourt 
insta8286 we had so much fun catching up and celebrating the x collab. it’s available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8287 my chi chi 
insta8288 emmy’s bts 
insta8289 :dizzy: 
insta8290 meet our new babies! we just need names! north came up with names that go with our other pomeranian sushi. she wants white baby girl to be named saké and the black baby boy either soba (noodle) or soy sauce. please comment below any ideas you have!!!! 
insta8291 :black_heart: 
insta8292 the collection features metallic shimmering plum shades for an effortlessly saturated look. shop the collection now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8293 our one leg solution short is available now at skims.com. this is perfect when you have a dress or skirt with a high slit and still need the comfort and snatchness (lol) of shapewear like me! 
insta8294 wyoming nights 
insta8295 i know we are sold out of almost all solutionwear but we have the most amazing bras and underwear available at skims.com. i wish i could describe this fabric because it’s like butter! we will also be restocking everything soon! :camera: vanessa beecroft 
insta8296 body foundation is back in stock! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8297 :camera_with_flash: 
insta8298 i have been so into matte shadows and lips for so long it’s been fun to wear a juicy glossy lip and a shimmer eye. shop the x collection now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8299 wyoming :horse::mountain: 
insta8300 today is launch day!!!! kkw x winnie launching at 12 pst kkwbeauty.com 
insta8301 so happy and i went to support our friend at her fashion show this week!!!! 
insta8302 mirror mirror on the wall check out my kkw x winnie collab drooping soon for all of y’all! lol 
insta8303 wow! thank you to everyone who supported our launch day yesterday, it was beyond what i could have imagined and i’m so incredibly thankful! for anyone that didn’t have a chance to shop yesterday, we still have some of the shapewear still in stock in colors onyx, umber and oxide and many of my must have underwear and bra essentials that are perfect everyday basics. if the item you wanted is sold out, pls follow our instagram page and visit our website to sign up for restock alerts! our teams are working overtime to get everything restocked asap and my goal is to get our business to a point where we can make my shapewear and essential underwear items available and accessible always. i cannot wait to see everyone in your pls be sure to tag me when you receive your order and let me know what you think!!! 
insta8304 i’m wearing the sculpting body suit skims.com :camera_with_flash: vanessa beecroft 
insta8305 so excited to see this beauty for our launch event thursday! kkw x winnie 
insta8306 ugh i’ve made so many mistakes with shapewear and have had so many slip ups. lots of my issues have come from not having a wide shade range available in the past. look at this dress i wore to last years people’s choice awards. you can totally see my shapewear! this was not on purpose i just didn’t have other options. today we are launching and you can see me wearing the color ochre here to basically create my own lining in the dress! skims.com 
insta8307 :sparkles: kkw x winnie :sparkles: launching this friday!!! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8308 kkw x winnie kkwbeauty.com 
insta8309 bts of my shoot! :sparkles: 
insta8310 i’m using the winnie palette, highlighter and gloss here :sparkles: kkw x winnie 
insta8311 my new collection features the most gorgeous jewel tone shades. our models look so beautiful! i’m obsessed with this collection! launching on friday, 09.13 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8312 so my friends and family are starting to get the press boxes and i’ve never had a better response from everyone loving and feeling the product and this makes me so happy! i know shape wear better than anyone! i’ve been cutting and fitting and sewing my own versions of what i always wanted my shape wear to be and now everyone can have it too! we launch sept 10th skims.com 
insta8313 this is the solution short ($42 in sizes xxs-5xl). i designed this as my solution for skirts and dresses with high slits. the solution short is engineered to hold in your core, smooth your thigh, and lift and shape your butt. shop solutionwear:trade_mark: september 10 at 9am pst at skims.com 
insta8314 i can’t wait for you all to try this collection!!!!! knew exactly what she wanted and we made the best warm and shimmer palette! sept 13 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8315 i’m wearing the sculpting bodysuit in shade sienna. it gives full body support with built in compression to smooth your torso and sculpt your waist. launching sept 10 skims.com - price $62 - xxs-5xl - 9 colors 
insta8316 :dizzy: 
insta8317 i’m so excited to announce my new kkw x winnie collab!!! is someone i admire and respect so much. she’s the definition of a true beauty. our collab features a gorgeous 12-pan eyeshadow palette, a highlighter duo and 3 glosses. launching to kkwbeauty.com on friday, 09.13 at 12pm pst 
insta8318 i guess she wasn’t feeling this fitting! 
insta8319 :camera_with_flash::heart_suit: i did my make up myself :camera_with_flash::kiss_mark: my labor day sale is happening now! i’m wearing my glam bible bundle and powder contour & highlight palette in medium. shop my look at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8320 besties! 
insta8321 pinky swear we’re besties for life!!! 
insta8322 i’m wearing the sculpting bodysuit mid thigh in onyx $68 available in sizes xxs-5xl 
insta8323 alice marie johnson for 
insta8324 :water_wave: 
insta8325 i’m so excited to announce that will be coming to this fall!!! stay tuned for more details. 
insta8326 how cute is this app!!! 
insta8327 shop the gemini’s in pink at carolinalemke.com 
insta8328 vogue arabia september issue!!! 3 covers for working with again was a dream come true! wearing all mugler!!! these looks omg! there’s no one like manfred! and the interview with kanye was so fun to do! the shoot we did in the desert far away in california and it all came together like magic! editor-in-chief: art director: photography: fashion director: hair: makeup: nails: set: 
insta8329 my fans and followers are a huge inspiration to me – i’m always listening to their feedback and opinions, and am so grateful they shared their ideas for a new brand name. after much thought and consideration, i’m excited to announce the launch of solutionwear:trade_mark: coming september 10. i love the idea that the pieces will be the closest thing to someone’s skin, skimming with amazingly soft and supportive fabrics which accentuate the best parts of our bodies. available in sizes xxs - 5xl, skims solutionwear:trade_mark: is for every body. skims.com. photo: 
insta8330 my little man is the sweetest ever! he’s honestly the best baby. sleeps through the night and by far my most calm. how did i get so lucky 
insta8331 :eyes: :camera_with_flash: 
insta8332 me and my chi chi 
insta8333 my collab with just dropped!!! we had so much fun designing these bottles and the fragrances are the perfect mix of our favorite notes. the collection features three different scents packaged in lip-shaped bottles for $40 in red, pink and nude. red lips is an opulent white floral, pink lips is a solar floral coconut & nude lips is a vanilla amber musk. shop them at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8334 matte smoke collection :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: kkwbeauty.com 
insta8335 sometimes you need time to yourself, time with your best friends just to detox and recharge 
insta8336 ‪bahamas :Bahamas: pics coming up! i thought taking a pic with three kids was hard omg this is almost impossible! ‬ 
insta8337 if i could only use one make up collection for the rest of my life this mattes collection would be it! every single shade from the matte lips to the liners and each shadow is perfection. the bundles might be sold out but we still have the palettes and most lips available! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8338 :grimacing_face: 
insta8339 it was going so good.... swipe :right_arrow: :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8340 check out my stories i’m going to open up the press boxes now! three different scents that smell so delicious! red lips is an opulent white floral, pink lips is a solar floral coconut & nude lips is a vanilla amber musk. each scent is so juicy i don’t have any other words. i can’t wait for you guys to get them on aug 23 kylie jenner by kkw fragrance kkwfragrance.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta8341 back by popular demand! i am giving one of my lucky followers the chance to receive my carolina lemke collaboration drop 1 press box with their choice of three sunglass styles from drop 1 and 2. to enter for a chance to win: 1. follow 2. tag a friend in the comments below and include the hashtag this giveaway ends on friday, august 23rd and the winner will be announced monday, august 26th • • • this giveaway is in no way sponsored or endorsed by instagram. no purchase necessary to enter or to win. void where prohibited. offer is open only to legal residents of the 50 united states and district of columbia who are 18 or older. limit 1 entry per person per method of entry. 1 winner will be selected in a random drawing . odds of winning depend on number of eligible entries received. other terms and restrictions apply. i had to post these cute pics of me wearing indra in gold from drop 1. 
insta8342 kylie’s favorite is the nude bottle, i think mine is the pink! she’s been wearing my perfumes forever so this collab is extra special because i know how much she loves the process. finding her perfect scent was impossible so we narrowed it down to her three favorites! kkwfragrance.com aug 23rd. 
insta8343 my 90’s inspired matte smoke & matte cocoa collection just dropped!!! the collection features 2 10-pan eyeshadow palettes, 6 lipsticks in a brand new matte formula, 6 lip liners and 5 eyeliners. these warm and cool-toned color ranges are perfect for your everyday makeup look. shop the collection at kkwbeauty.com and enjoy free shipping for the entire month of august on all $50+ domestic orders!! 
insta8344 :sparkles::Japan: 
insta8345 this boy right here really lives up to his name! :baby_angel_medium-dark_skin_tone: 
insta8346 here’s to 146 million! thanks guys!!!! what type of content do you like best? selfies? family pics? i’m curious 
insta8347 i’m so excited for my first ever collab with the collection features three lip-shaped bottles in red, pink, and nude for $40 each. i can’t wait for you guys to see how amazing these scents are!!! launching to kkwfragrance.com on friday, 08.23 at 12pm pst :camera_with_flash: 
insta8348 my northie girl is the ultimate fashionista! she comes with me to fabric stores and picks out what she likes and for our japan trip i let her style herself. i should have let her style me too lol. she loves it. she’s having fun and i am so happy she’s so expressive. :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone::alien::kimono::crown::water_wave::candy: 
insta8349 :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8350 happy birthday when i think about you i think of a wise old soul who makes amazing decisions that are always true to what you really believe. you have always been so strong and confident in doing what is in your heart and i admire and respect that. you live life like it’s your last day and it’s so much fun to see you live such a full life and being such a kind person while doing it all. i wanted to post a unseen “music video” you, kendall and i did back in the day but didn’t want to embarrass you too much lol. i love you :heart_suit::kiss_mark: 
insta8351 matte smoke palette with the black and white eye liners. ombré lips with new matte formula in 90’s supermodel. next friday aug 16 noon pst. 
insta8352 besties in japan :Japan: 
insta8353 matte cocoa collection 
insta8354 :Japan: 
insta8355 on set for the matte cocoa collection 8.16 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8356 more pics from japan 
insta8357 matte smoke! white eyeliner is one of my favorite looks with a 90’s inspo black smoke eye! all of the lip liners for this collection are a few shades darker than the matte lipstick. i’m wearing lipliner & lipstick in 90’s runway dropping 8.16 at 12pm pst kkwbeauty.com 
insta8358 night at the museum in japan 
insta8359 i’m so excited to announce my new 90’s inspired collection of all matte formulas- the matte smoke & matte cocoa collections!!! i get a lot of my makeup inspiration from the 90’s and love how nostalgic this entire collection is. the collection features 2 10-pan eyeshadow palettes, 6 lipsticks in a brand new matte formula, 6 lip liners, and 5 eyeliners. matte smoke & matte cocoa are two entirely different color ranges, so there are so many looks you can create with this collection. i can’t wait for you guys to try it!!! launching to kkwbeauty.com on friday, 08.16 at 12pm pst 
insta8360 not sure what i would do without them!!!! 
insta8361 super fire look :fire: 
insta8362 you thought we forgot about you??? kkw x kylie perfume coming august 23rd!!!! check the page for more details :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta8363 halfway-dead.com. 
insta8364 good hair day 
insta8365 date night with my boo using the fire palette :artist_palette: :fire: 
insta8366 traveling the world but miss my sisters :sparkles: 
insta8367 mario’s :fire: look! who has gotten the sooo fire collection? i wanna see you looks! it’s available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8368 last week i was so moved by dr. , a georgetown professor who teaches a course inside of a washington dc prison where these men and women can get georgetown credit. i met so many amazing people that can’t wait to share their stories with you. we filmed a documentary i am working on that will be out on and i hope you will learn about the justice system the way i have. 
insta8369 sun burns! ughhhh i haven’t had this happen in years but thank goodness i had my body make up with me last week! we restocked all body foundation and skin perfecting liquid shimmer today on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8370 happy 85th birthday to my hero, my grandma mj! i am so grateful that you have been such a strong force in my life and always there to guide me and give me the best advice. spending this last week with you has been a dream come true traveling and showing you a little bit of my work and just spending some quality time with you. i will cherish this forever! i love you so much!!! 
insta8371 flammable lipgloss available now kkwbeauty.com 
insta8372 my twin :sparkles: 
insta8373 :fire: 
insta8374 love bugs 
insta8375 saint said he’s gonna pretend to sleep with his brother. he always wants a pic to capture every moment. you have no idea how sweet my boys are! 
insta8376 my sooo fire collection just dropped!!! :fire::fire::fire: i cant wait to see all of the looks you guys create with this collection! go to kkwbeauty.com before it sells out 
insta8377 take me back please 
insta8378 love this wet sooo fire look :fire: launching this friday!!! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8379 kevin keith was convicted of a triple homicide back in 1994 in ohio and was sentenced to death. i heard about kevin keith’s case last year & the more i learn about it, the more i believe the world needs to hear what happened to him! he was on death row & came within days of execution before the governor of ohio commuted his sentence to life w/o parole. i had the pleasure of meeting kevin keith through a video visit & was so impressed w/ the amazing programs he created in prison to help others inside better themselves! so much evidence has been uncovered proving kevin’s innocence. i hope justice is served soon & he is released. www.justiceforkevinkeith.org 
insta8380 sooo fire glam session :fire: :fire: :fire: i always play it pretty neutral but wanted to make a collection that i would have fun with and would wear when i want to look :fire::collision::fire: launching this friday kkwbeauty.com 
insta8381 watch the full sooo fire makeup tutorial at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8382 who got the gemini’s from ? go to carolinalemke.com before they’re sold out! 
insta8383 saint asked me to take a pic of him and his brother this morning 
insta8384 :collision: 
insta8385 hey! :green_apple: 
insta8386 costa rica nights :collision: 
insta8387 kanye on the cover of forbes! so incredibly proud of my husband! i watch everyday how hard he works and how much of his heart and soul he puts into his business, every idea and product that he creates. it’s of no surprise to anyone who works with or is close to kanye that he has been able to turn millions of dollars in debt into a billion dollar empire in only 4 years - 100% on his own terms, while owning 100% of his business. he inspires me every single day and i’m so happy that he is finally getting the recognition and credit that he deserves. 
insta8388 i meannnnn my baby psalm is so sweet!!! 
insta8389 dropping the cutest oval sunglasses tomorrow called sand at carolinalemke.com 
insta8390 so excited to announce my new sooo fire collection!!!:fire: the new collection includes a 10-pan metallic eyeshadow palette, 3 eyeliners and 3 glosses with a brand new formula. i wanted to create something that was fun, and completely different than what we have done before. wait until you see this packaging!!! i’m so excited to see all of the looks you can create with this collection. coming to kkwbeauty.com on friday, 07.19 at 12pm pst 
insta8391 have you ever seen cheeks like this! omg i want to eat them!!!!! 
insta8392 wall street journal magazine photographer: stylist: writer: hair: make up: read all about my new shapewear brand. link in my bio. 
insta8393 :camera_with_flash: 
insta8394 :cold_face: 
insta8395 missing costa rica 
insta8396 cleaning out the pics in my phone and found this from about a year ago in turks and caicos 
insta8397 restock alert!!!! my body foundation, liquid shimmers, powder shimmers & brush are back!!!! the body collection is being restocked on tuesday, 07.09 9:00 am pst at kkwbeauty.com :sparkles: 
insta8398 :sparkles: 
insta8399 me and my nana! my dads mom, helen kardashian was the absolute best! she was such a force! miss you nana. 
insta8400 :camera_with_flash: by north west 
insta8401 :two_hearts: everything :two_hearts: 
insta8402 being an entrepreneur and my own boss has been one of the most rewarding challenges i’ve been blessed with in my life. what’s made it possible for me after all of these years has been the direct line of communication with my fans and the public. i am always listening, learning and growing - i so appreciate the passion and varied perspectives that people bring to me. when i announced the name of my shapewear line, i did so with the best intentions in mind. my brands and products are built with inclusivity and diversity at their core and after careful thought and consideration, i will be launching my solutionwear brand under a new name. i will be in touch soon. thank you for your understanding and support always. 
insta8403 costa rica :Costa_Rica: last week 
insta8404 happy birthday i have never met anyone like you. inside and out you are one of a kind and just flawless in my eyes. i’m so grateful to have a sister like you. i’m so happy we are so close and that our souls decided to take this trip down to earth around the same time! so lucky to have you in my life. i know this year is going to bring so much joy into your life! 
insta8405 so cool 
insta8406 new drop 2 sunglasses coming soon 
insta8407 it was the 5 year anniversary of kim kardashian hollywood yesterday! i just have to say a huge thank you to everyone who plays the game! 5 years and still going so strong is record breaking. my character got muglarized! who wants to see all of my mugler looks in the game?!?!?! 
insta8408 finally i can share with you guys this project that i have been developing for the last year. i’ve been passionate about this for 15 years. kimono is my take on shapewear and solutions for women that actually work. i would always cut up my shapewear to make my own styles, and there have also been so many times i couldn’t find a shapeware color that blended with my skin tone so we needed a solution for all of this. the third pic is the solution short. i developed this style for all of those times i wanted to wear a dress or skirt with a slit and still needed the support. introducing kimono solutionwear:trade_mark: for every body. coming soon in sizes xxs - 4xl in 9 shades. i can’t wait for you to feel this photos by vanessa beecroft 
insta8409 since the passage of the first step act in december, i’ve been speaking with people coming home from prison and learning about the challenges they are facing. while i have been able to offer support to some of the individuals i have met, the obstacles to success are an everyday struggle for thousands and more needs to be done. it was an honor to take part in the announcement that the administration and private sector will be stepping up to create opportunities for these men and women to succeed once home. i’m proud to partner on this initiative with , a company with a history of taking bold action to do what’s right for our community. thank you for providing ride share credits to formally incarcerated people when they come home. if there are any other companies who would like to step up, we would welcome the support. at the moment we have a particular need for cell phones and minutes so that these people can communicate with potential employers and with their loved ones. 
insta8410 :rolled-up_newspaper: extra extra :rolled-up_newspaper: 
insta8411 happy sunday :sparkles: :camera_with_flash: 
insta8412 i still can’t believe my first born baby is 6. 
insta8413 my new body collection is available now!! the collection includes body makeup, body shimmer, loose shimmer powder for face & body and a body brush. i’ve been working on these formulas for over a year now and i’m so excited for you guys to finally try them!!! shop the entire collection before it sells out at kkwbeauty.com photo by vanessa beecroft 
insta8414 4 vogue japan covers!!! this was an absolute dream come true for me! styled by the legendary and shot by make up hair 
insta8415 who saw kanye’s convo with ? it’s on now. it’s really powerful. 
insta8416 my grandma mj asked me about my body makeup and wanted me to come over to help cover her veins. north & i went straight to her house & showed her exactly how to use it & i love how happy she is with the results! swipe to see how amazing this before and after is on mj! let’s talk about the transfer. i’ve been using body makeup for over a decade now and in my experience you either get coverage that doesn’t transfer but it’s super dry and looks fake or its the opposite and really moisturizing but completely transfers. my new body makeup is in between. if you let it dry before putting your clothes on it transfers way less and if you set it with a translucent powder it hardly transfers at all. it was important to keep the skin looking flawless yet natural. swipe to the 3rd slide to see. in the transfer video we didn’t have translucent powder but tried one of my pressed powders and that worked pretty good too! my body foundation really evens out and corrects your skin tone and conceals veins and bruises. my formula is super creamy, hydrating and long lasting! i can’t wait for you guys to try the entire body collection launching in two days on friday, 06.21 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8417 we’re back in the gym heavy! i would say every 6 months i take two weeks off from lifting. sometimes you just need a break to recharge and chill but then i miss it so much and feel so good to be back at it :woman_lifting_weights_medium_skin_tone: 
insta8418 my new loose shimmer powders for face & body are so silky and blingy!! :sparkles: i love using them on top of the body shimmer when i want a more intense glow. the second to last video is me using the shade pearl! the powder also helps set the liquid body makeup and shimmer if you are layering all 3 products together. launching to this friday, 06.21 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8419 can’t wait for you to see 
insta8420 my new liquid body shimmer comes in pearl, gold and bronze shades. you can use the shimmer alone or layer it with the body makeup to give yourself an extra glow. my formula gives you a gorgeous glowing look and is super moisturizing. swipe to see all of the shades being used. the first and last video is the shade pearl! it’s me in the last video! :face_blowing_a_kiss: i can’t wait for you guys to try it!! available to shop on 06.21.19 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8421 my boys :black_heart::black_heart: 
insta8422 miss you so much! you would be so proud of the robert g kardashian esophageal center at i have seen how so far in such a short period of time that we have helped so many and i am grateful to all of the amazing staff and doctors! 
insta8423 happy fathers day! you are the best daddy to our kids!!! we love you so much! 
insta8424 happy birthday my sweet girl! the last 6 years have been the best of my life raising you and seeing you grow up. mommy loves you forever and beyond! 
insta8425 i’m so excited for you guys to try my new body collection. it consists of 3 different products (body make up, a liquid body shimmer and a loose shimmer powder). i use them all separately and sometimes all together depending on the look i am going for. this one shown above is the body make up. this is what i use most often. i don’t always like my legs to have shimmer on them. i use this when i want to enhance my skin tone or cover my psoriasis. i bruise easily and have veins and this has been my secret for over a decade. i’ve learned to live with and not be insecure of my psoriasis, but for days when i want to just cover it up i use this body makeup. my formula is so creamy and buildable and has a smooth satin finish. it builds easily for a more full coverage if needed. it launches 06.21.19 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com stay tuned for some videos showing how i use it all. 
insta8426 lip liner nude 1.5 with lipstick nude 1.5. my fave new combo kkwbeauty.com 
insta8427 :sun: 
insta8428 so excited to announce that my body collection is coming!!! :sparkles: the new collection includes body makeup, body shimmer, loose shimmer powder for face & body and a body brush. i’ve been working on these formulas for over a year now and i’m so happy with how creamy and blendable they all are. you can layer the formulas together or use them individually to achieve how much coverage and shimmer you want. i can’t wait for you guys to try this collection!! shop them on 06.21.19 at 12pm pst only at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8429 remember when i wore this! she picked out the same look lol but fun fact- i took all of my fave furs and remade them in faux fur. 
insta8430 psalm 
insta8431 happy birthday. to my amazing husband, who never ceases to amaze me. thank you for who you are, and all that you do. i love you! 
insta8432 my ultimate body perfecting secret is launching to on 06.21.19 :sparkles: can you guys guess what it is? photo by vanessa beecroft 
insta8433 throwback thursday to this fitting 
insta8434 best snuggles :camera: 
insta8435 a true chicago stormi :cloud_with_lightning_and_rain: 
insta8436 the best dad ever! :two_hearts: 
insta8437 thank you domenico! i hope north was a good assistant (swipe) 
insta8438 pink ladies :ribbon::ribbon::ribbon::ribbon::love-you_gesture_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8439 can we discuss how is one of my favorite singers! her show was amazing! and she is so beautiful! 
insta8440 :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8441 guess who’s trying to be the family favorite… sushi!!!! do your pets compete for attention when there’s a new :baby_medium_skin_tone: in the house?? maybe she’s living a secret life?? what are your pets doing when you’re not at home? tag with your pets secret style. 
insta8442 date night glam wearing nude lipliner 2, lipstick love with lipgloss soulmate and powder contour singles in shade 5 and 6 kkwbeauty.com :camera: backgrid 
insta8443 shooting mrs. west collection was so much fun. everything is almost sold out. just a few more highlighters and lip stick & gloss left.kkwbeauty.com 
insta8444 found these gems from 2008. scott i’ve known you for almost 15 years, we’ve all been through so much together and have the best memories! you are like my brother. i’ve seen you grow up and become the most amazing father and friend. so happy you are in our lives. i love you happy birthday 
insta8445 i’m so happy you all are loving the mrs. west collection!!!! it’s limited edition so we won’t be relaunching it. we have some lipstick and lipgloss left kkwbeauty.com 
insta8446 kimye 4 eva 
insta8447 :two_hearts: 
insta8448 5 years ago today i married my best friend. :sparkles: 
insta8449 a little behind the scenes from our wedding day 5 years ago :camera: 
insta8450 this was my wedding day almost 5 years ago in italy. we flew in from paris and our glam was rushed as we were trying to make it on time! we barely got my veil in as i was being pushed out the door so fast to walk down the aisle because andrea bocelli had started singing and i couldn’t miss it. i had no idea it was really him until i got to the isle and screamed inside! so many amazing memories. 
insta8451 my new mrs. west collection features a 6-pan eyeshadow palette, a pink nude lipstick, a warm nude lip liner, a blushing nude gloss, a champagne gold highlighter and a mid-tone pink blush all for $100. the packaging is encased with pictures from my wedding day. launching in two days on friday, 05.24 at 12pm pst at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8452 don't miss memorial day sale. all sunglasses are 2 for $99 on carolinalemke.com today through memorial day. 
insta8453 mrs. west collection is dropping this friday on my actual anniversary kkwbeauty.com. i have sent this collection of shadows, blush, hi lighter, lip stick, lip liner and gloss to all of my friends and i have never gotten a response like this from everyone loving the colors so much! makes me so happy! i know you all will love it :sparkles: 
insta8454 my sister is so pretty :sparkles::two_hearts: 
insta8455 i’m just reflecting on the last few months and had to post this again :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta8456 happy sunday - there’s no kuwtk tonight :crying_face: 
insta8457 my brand new mrs. west collection is inspired by the look created for me on my wedding day. everything about this collection is special to me from the packaging to the versatile shadows and the shade names! i’m so excited to see all of the looks you guys create with this collection! launching on my actual 5 year wedding anniversary friday, 05.24 at 12pm pst online at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8458 5 years and 4 kids :sparkles: life couldn’t be better! *anniversary coming so soon* 
insta8459 my new mrs. west collection is made up of versatile & pigmented shades that you can create the most beautiful glam looks for all occasions. launching on kkwbeauty.com on my 5 year wedding anniversary on friday, 05.24 at 12pm pst 
insta8460 :two_hearts: love her so much! 
insta8461 nail drip 
insta8462 palm springs squad 
insta8463 my new mrs. west collection is inspired by my actual look created by on my wedding day. i love the idea that the memories from one of the happiest days of my life are celebrated in this collection. launching on my actual 5 year anniversary friday, 05.24 at 12pm pst online at kkwbeauty.com i love finding pics from my wedding day in italy and sharing them 
insta8464 so excited to announce my brand new mrs. west collection. this collection is inspired by the look created on my actual wedding day. launching on kkwbeauty.com on my 5 year wedding anniversary, 05.24 at 12pm pst photo by makeup by hair by flowers by 
insta8465 so fun shooting this video with for her new song :peach::gem_stone: 
insta8466 to the best mom in the entire world, happy mother’s day! thank you for the being the best inspiration for all of your kids and showing us to work hard and love harder! i love you so much!!! 
insta8467 i’m still not over this look! camp crystal girl :gem_stone:after party :gem_stone: 
insta8468 we celebrated our baby boy about a week ago and now he’s here! he’s so perfect! here are some pics of my cbd baby shower. i was freaking out for nothing because he is the most calm and chill of all of my babies so far and everyone loves him so much :teddy_bear: 
insta8469 the day that i found out the met gala theme was “camp”, that same day we called :crown:the king of camp! we met up in miami right after the holidays last year and saw the sketches! i learned so much about couture from this genius man, it was beyond couture, it was art! 7 months in the making and fittings in montreal, paris and la. corset breathing lessons from none other than mr. pearl. it was worth it all!!! and this was the start of a magical inspiring connection. stay tuned for more :sparkles: 
insta8470 still obsessing over my met gala glam!! tap to shop my look :sparkles: major shout out to & for the magic! 
insta8471 camp crystal girl!!! :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: moiré printed latex with the crystal drip :droplet:another new creation manfred thierry mugler for kim kardashian west / met ball 2019 with mugler fashion house. revisited archive pieces for mugler fashion house 
insta8472 mugler drip:droplet: straight out of the ocean his first design in 20 years. manfred thierry mugler for kim kardashian west / met ball 2019 with mugler fashion house. revisited archive pieces for mugler fashion house corset by mr. pearl 
insta8473 happy met monday!!! 
insta8474 true’s birthday party! 
insta8475 throwback to kourtney’s birthday :camera: 
insta8476 my babies are my life!!!! :sparkles::baby_bottle: 
insta8477 take notes :memo: 
insta8478 i didn’t think my daughters love for my clothes and jewelry would happen so soon. i’ll literally be working and come home to find north dressed up in all of my things. i made her these kid size sunglasses because i really wouldn’t share mine lol! i love my fashionista northie so much! 
insta8479 what are u looking at lol. :camera: 
insta8480 missing bali! :herb::elephant: and the amazing elephant sanctuary :camera: 
insta8481 pink power ranger kimberly :beating_heart: 
insta8482 :nail_polish_medium_skin_tone::gem_stone::high_voltage::two_hearts::globe_showing_Americas::unicorn: 
insta8483 who saw last weeks episode of kuwtk when we were in bali? we continue it this week in bali so be sure to tune into e! 
insta8484 sooooo miss north dressed herself and thought she was ready for the day until i explained she couldn’t wear my boots. :face_with_tears_of_joy::two_hearts: 
insta8485 coachella 2019. sunday service was so special to experience here at coachella especially for my first time here! kanye started sunday service for healing for himself and his close friends and family. he had this vision of starting a church for few years and it was magical seeing everyone else get to experience it. i’m so proud of you babe for doing exactly whats in your heart. the choir and band work so hard and have so much fun! it’s so inspiring to watch. thank you to everyone who woke up early to spend easter sunday with us. it’s a memory we will cherish forever. :sparkles: :camera: 
insta8486 :camera: by 
insta8487 tonight on kuwtk we went to bali but i just got back last week. it is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been that i had to bring kanye to experience the culture and feel the vibe of bali, the most calming place on earth. :sparkles: here are some pics from my trip :camera: 
insta8488 always had :eyes: for him :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta8489 who got their sunglasses! i love seeing everyone wear them! i am wearing sahara in this pic. go to carolinalemke.com now to get yours! 
insta8490 happy birthday i honestly can’t believe the life we have lived! it’s such a dream to go through it all with having a sister like you by our side! you have taught me so much throughout life. you’re such an amazing mom and friend! can’t wait to celebrate you tonight! i love you beyond what you could imagine :sparkles: 
insta8491 last year i registered with the california state bar to study law. for the next 4 years, a minimum of 18 hours a week is required, i will take written and multiple choice tests monthly. as my first year is almost coming to an end i am preparing for the baby bar, a mini version of the bar, which is required when studying law this way. i’ve seen some comments from people who are saying it’s my privilege or my money that got me here, but that’s not the case. one person actually said i should “stay in my lane.” i want people to understand that there is nothing that should limit your pursuit of your dreams, and the accomplishment of new goals. you can create your own lanes, just as i am. the state bar doesn’t care who you are. this option is available to anyone who’s state allows it. it’s true i did not finish college. you need 60 college credits (i had 75) to take part in “reading the law”, which is an in office law school being apprenticed by lawyers. for anyone assuming this is the easy way out, it’s not. my weekends are spent away from my kids while i read and study. i work all day, put my kids to bed and spend my nights studying. there are times i feel overwhelmed and when i feel like i can’t do it but i get the pep talks i need from the people around me supporting me. i changed my number last year and disconnected from everyone because i have made this strict commitment to follow a dream of mine - it’s never too late to follow your dreams. i want to thank van jones for believing in me and introducing me to jessica jackson. jessica along with erin haney have taken on the role of my mentors and i am forever grateful to them both putting in so much time with me, believing in me and supporting me through this journey. this week i have a big torts essay due on negligence. wish me luck :sparkles::balance_scale: 
insta8492 there won’t be an episode of kuwtk on tonight but next weeks episode shows our halloween shoot as angels. any suggestions of what me and my sisters can be this year? 
insta8493 my baby true. happy 1st birthday!!! you are so special. i couldn’t have dreamed of a better best friend for you than your cousin chi :sparkles: seeing how close you are is exactly how mom & i are and so we know how much fun you guys are going to have! i will always be here for you my sweet baby true- auntie kiki 
insta8494 i’ve dreamed of this moment for so long, many said it would never come. words cannot begin to express how much of an honor it is to have my first solo us cover of i remember as a little girl flipping through my mom’s subscription each month and dreaming of one day gracing the cover of this iconic magazine. thank you to the incredible anna wintour for your support as always, it means the world to me. and the glam team were an absolute dream to work with. i’m so incredibly grateful to writer for illustrating a glimpse into my life in a way that i don’t think has ever been done - from juggling family, my businesses and pursuing a law degree with such care and seriousness. special thank you to my husband kanye for speaking into existence that one day i would grace the cover of vogue when everyone told me to be “more realistic.” photographer: mikael jansson stylist: tonne goodman makeup: hannah murray hair headpieces: shay ashual cover look: chanel top irene neuwirth necklace vogue team & 
insta8495 look what i found. they were so small 
insta8496 spring break is over :loudly_crying_face::open_book::books::pencil: 
insta8497 :heart_suit: 
insta8498 sunday service vibe :camera: 
insta8499 :kiss_mark: 
insta8500 drop 1 all of the sunglasses are available now at carolinalemke.com - i’m wearing sahara in this pic in gold! 
insta8501 thank you for making me the sickest stuff :sparkles: 
insta8502 poosh.com tomorrow 
insta8503 our sweet 16! can’t believe keeping up with the kardashians is premiering our 16th season tonight! be sure to tune into e! 
insta8504 morning :sparkles: 
insta8505 i can’t wait for you to see the press boxes.... 
insta8506 i have fitting pics for days :ribbon: 
insta8507 throwback to shooting the classic blossom collection available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8508 naomi forever :yellow_heart::dizzy: 
insta8509 carolinalemke.com 4.2.19 
insta8510 new jeweler alert :police_car_light: follow for the :fire:. this pic makes me miss my long nails :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8511 me & my papa arthur kardashian. :sparkles: my mom would crimp my hair all the time! i still have the same crimper machine and used it just recently :sparkles: 
insta8512 tempest sunglasses dropping april 2 carolinalemke.com 
insta8513 bts 
insta8514 anyone who knows me knows that i love hearing messages from the spirit world :sparkles: having a reading with was a dream come true :sparkles: 
insta8515 happy birthday to my one and only brother robbie! i was looking through old pictures and all of the amazing memories came up. my best memories though are you as a dad and seeing what an amazing person you have become. i love you beyond :four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover: 
insta8516 :heart_suit: 
insta8517 for the last year, i have immersed myself in learning about the criminal justice system. i visited prisons, met with formerly incarcerated people, and helped with cases of individual injustice - including two death penalty cases. i have met with and am very supportive of governor newsom and his decision to help bring an end to the california death penalty. racial bias and unfairness run deep throughout the justice system but especially when it comes to the death penalty. and we should not be okay with the risk that an innocent person could be executed. i hope we can turn toward better solutions that focus more on healing victims of trauma and prioritizing fairness and justice. 
insta8518 fittings :sparkles: 
insta8519 :mermaid: 
insta8520 i am forever grateful to for letting me wear this couture dress from “les méduses” collection fw 1999-2000 
insta8521 coming soon. follow my vision with carolinalemke.com :camera: 
insta8522 the king of hide and seek :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8523 night at the museum! wearing couture dress from “longchamps” collection ss 1994 make up hair mr. mugler sketches my hair and make up for the look :sparkles: 
insta8524 i can’t wait to hear what they talk about lol 
insta8525 i hope you have a magical day :sparkles: 
insta8526 an a whatta??? 
insta8527 i miss my babies! i took north with me to montreal last week :airplane::dress: 
insta8528 you don’t understand...this is an alaia 
insta8529 we were the coolest 
insta8530 1986 
insta8531 squad 
insta8532 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta8533 classic red lipstick and liner is back in stock kkwbeauty.com body ii in stock now kkwfragrance.com 
insta8534 throwback to nyc make up hair dress 
insta8535 i love having a sister twinning moment! kourtney and i always seem to do this ! this was a few weeks back at amfar honoring & the 1st pic is the second pic is :camera: erik pendzich/shutterstock 
insta8536 morning 
insta8537 mugler nights :sparkles:thank you for letting me wear this iconic dress:sparkles:congrats to on winning his hollywood beauty award! you’re so deserving of this award! 
insta8538 who attended the masterclass?!?! i learn a new trick every time. thank you to & for this amazing day and beautiful glam. wearing nude 2 liner and nude 1 &2 lipstick mixed 
insta8539 my most stylish and beautiful baby girl north shot her 1st cover for !!!! she loves fashion & beauty and has so much fun doing this! * i toned down the color of the cover just to blend in with my ig feed so don’t repost this front cover but swipe to see the original and more pics from the shoot! hair- eyeliner- styling- :woman_raising_hand_light_skin_tone: :camera: 
insta8540 happy birthday dad!!!!! this was my sweet 16 and this is the moment my dad surprised me with my first car! i wish you were here so badly so we could have so many more memories! we are all missing you and celebrating you today! 
insta8541 i’m into selfies again 
insta8542 we lost a true legend!!!! you were such an inspiration to the world! you shot my first fashion shoot and i was so nervous to work with such an icon! the world is so much chicer because you existed! i am beyond honored to have met you and had the opportunity to work with you. you are so loved and will be so missed :broken_heart: 
insta8543 my whole heart :heart_suit: 
insta8544 these two melt my heart :heart_suit: 
insta8545 morning :sparkles: 
insta8546 my girls :two_hearts: 
insta8547 park day :two_hearts::sparkles: 
insta8548 :snake: 
insta8549 happy valentines day babe!!! i love you so much! :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta8550 kinda missing blonde hair 
insta8551 season 16 coming march 2019 
insta8552 used flashing lights big bank :bank: & nude lipstick1 with nude lipliner 1 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8553 2007 throwback. so this necklace that i have on is a diamond cross from jacob and it was the first piece of jewelry that i bought when i got my first check. when i was at robbedd this was taken from me. however on the way out the robbers dropped one piece of jewelry in the street and this was it. it’s very sentimental to me. just wanted to share :sparkles::camera: 
insta8554 my all time favorite lipstick my nude 1 with nude 1 lipliner. this nude lipstick comes in my best of nudes set as well! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8555 going through old fitting pics & found this gold look that kanye made for me for my miami trip last summer (i went w the neon vibes instead) p.s. fast fashion brands, can you please wait until i wear this in real life before you knock it off? :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8556 morning 
insta8557 she was actually sleeping like this for a good 30 minutes 
insta8558 wearing the new hot sauce red lipstick & red lip liner 2, launching today along with the best of sets for valentines day!!!! swipe to check them out! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8559 same 
insta8560 classic red lip liners and lipstick is all sold out!!!! we will be launching the best of reds which will include the classic red lipstick feb 5 at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8561 happy birthday to the sweetest baby girl stormi! we love you so much!!! :two_hearts: 
insta8562 today’s the day! the kkw hearts launch at noon kkwfragrance.com 
insta8563 casual for a petco run :camera: back grid 
insta8564 all of the new and past kkw hearts perfumes are available today at the pop up shop in south coast plaza or online at kkwfragrance.com thursday!!! they are a limited drop! 
insta8565 :kiss_mark::two_hearts: 
insta8566 my baby chicago turned 1 this month and we threw her an alice in “one”derland themed party :rose::rose::rose: 
insta8567 the perfect gifts for valentines day! new red crème lipsticks in hot sauce, candy apple & cherry pop and our best of reds, nudes & pinks lip sets in lucite boxes launch exclusively to the pop-up on 02.03 & 02.05 at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8568 kkw hearts baby girl is a sultry, yet flirtatious floral citrus fragrance that glimmers with a magnetic charm. bright citruses and succulent fruits introduce a heart of plush, playful florals. the heart blooms with a re-imagined vivacious floral citrus that is comprised of blushing peony, jasmine, and muguet - keeping the signature cheeky and carefree. drifting into a haze of feather-light musks, exotic vetiver is enveloped in sensuous amber crystals for an irresistible finish. launching 01.30 exclusively at the pop-up at & 01.31 online at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8569 kiki and koko :two_hearts: 
insta8570 guess what we are launching just in time for valentines day???!!! so excited to announce we are bringing back the original 3 kkw hearts + launching 3 new kkw hearts wifey, baddie & baby girl exclusively at the pop-up on 01.30 and online 01.31 at kkwfragrance.com 
insta8571 our classic red lipstick and lip liner is available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8572 today at 12 pm pst classic red lip launches kkwbeauty.com :kiss_mark: 
insta8573 wearing peach 1 and peach lip liner 1 with blush destiny kkwbeauty.com 
insta8574 thanks for the drip :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8575 kimye 2016 :camera: 
insta8576 i actually remember this day. i was staying with my grandma & grandpa in san diego and she got me this dress from her kids clothing store and we had to stop and take a picture because that’s what grand parents do :smiling_face_with_open_hands::red_heart::camera: 
insta8577 obsessed with this new red lip :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: get ready to shop the classic red lip this friday!!!! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8578 shop all body scents now kkwfragrance.com 
insta8579 classic red lip :kiss_mark: dropping online jan 25 kkwbeauty.com photo by makeup by hair by 
insta8580 :gem_stone: versace fittings :gem_stone: 
insta8581 the first ever classic red crème lipstick for $18 and red 1 lip liner for $12 are true red shades that pair beautifully together while adding shape and dimension to the lips. launching exclusively to the pop-up on 01.23 at and online at kkwbeauty.com on 01.25 at 12pm pst photo by makeup by hair by 
insta8582 two cities one nite :money_bag: san fran - la 
insta8583 happy birthday to my pretty girl chi!!!! the sweetest baby in the whole world! mommy and daddy love you so much! 
insta8584 just found this fitting pic from halloween 
insta8585 bb kiki 
insta8586 :sparkles: golden girl :sparkles: 
insta8587 new grillz 
insta8588 good morning 
insta8589 my favorite creamy lipsticks and creamy lip liners!!!!! shop 8 of the best nudes now at kkwbeauty.com and at the pop-up in 
insta8590 coming soon 
insta8591 throwback 
insta8592 tell me about it sis... 
insta8593 morning fittings 
insta8594 i literally can’t live without my crème contour and highlight! available at kkwbeauty.com and at the pop-up in 
insta8595 happy new year 
insta8596 last set of xmas eve pics i swear :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta8597 love seeing this decor. very dr. seuss, lorax, grinch vibes. creative directed by kanye. thank you john maguire at trask house & for always making kanye’s vision come to life. the trees inside the house were done by 
insta8598 ready to serve some looks in 2019 
insta8599 the best!!!! 
insta8600 happy new year from me and :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::sparkles::winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta8601 more xmas eve pix 
insta8603 :kiss_mark: 
insta8604 some pics from our christmas eve party. we danced to “all of me” since the last time we heard sing this live it was at our wedding for our first dance! 
insta8605 merry christmas :Christmas_tree: 
insta8606 back to salads now 
insta8607 christmas 2018. this year we waited until the last minute to do a card. schedules we’re changing, my husband was in and out of town. but the day of this card last minute realized we were all together so we had all of our kids come meet us. kendall and my mom rushed to a meeting after this shoot so this is what we have! as many of us as possible! from our family to yours merry christmas :camera_with_flash: 
insta8608 my cutie chi 
insta8609 it’s all in the details :sparkles: 
insta8610 i just found this pic of my beautiful grandma mj at her 1st wedding. it lasted just 2.5 months and her family spent all they had on this wedding. she felt so bad but followed her heart. kinda sounds familiar lol she’s always taught me to follow my heart and do what i want to do no matter what! i love you mj (and how much does kendall look like mj!!!) 
insta8611 i need a spray tan 
insta8612 sisters have you seen the make up challenge so did with doing half of my face & doing the other half??? ugh. the stress! lol be sure to watch this video on james youtube channel 
insta8613 obsessed with my glam bible! shop it now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8614 me & my bff! :smiling_face_with_hearts: north came to visit me on set & said momma can we do a photo shoot together just me & you! i followed her poses & direction so here it is! i always dreamed of having a baby girl & she’s perfect! 
insta8615 fittings:man_fairy_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8616 baby k 
insta8617 1994- 13 years old. always been posing on the beach lol 
insta8618 my two nephews born on the same day!!!! mason & reign i love you to the moon and back! watching you grow up has been the best journey ever! can’t wait to celebrate with you guys! 
insta8619 everything!!! :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta8620 loving the new vegan women’s multi gummies for total body wellness! they pair great with their hair vitamins and taste delicious! 
insta8621 lovey is the best!!!! 
insta8622 who has gone to my pop up shop? be sure to check it out at in costa mesa 
insta8623 date night seeing cher is always a good idea! 
insta8624 good morning :telephone: 
insta8625 celebrating saint with a tarzan themed party :leaf_fluttering_in_wind: 
insta8626 getting ready for the show! :camera: 
insta8627 versace nights 
insta8628 k 
insta8629 my pop up is here!!!! this is such a dream come true! please go check it out at in costa mesa! we have all of my make up and fragrance. we worked so hard on this store and it’s visually everything i dreamed it would be! 
insta8630 flashback friday- fab 4! 
insta8631 found this pic from my last miami trip. take me back please, it’s pouring rain here 
insta8632 happy birthday to my favorite boy my sainty joon. i must have done something really special to deserve having you as my son. i love you to the galaxy and back. 
insta8633 studio time! 
insta8634 bts from my classic blossom shoot! shop the collection now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8635 it never gets old seeing my sister walk the runway for she’s so beautiful! tune in tonight to abc and watch! :police_car_light::red_heart::fire: 
insta8636 kanye dressed me up like a doll :musical_score: 
insta8637 me and my momma :red_heart: 
insta8638 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8639 tokyo w 
insta8640 wearing twinning from my kkw x kylie collab available now sat kkwbeauty.com 
insta8641 fittings.... 
insta8642 the glam bible is the ultimate smokey eye look! my fave look. shop it now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8643 found this in my phone. fitting at in london 
insta8644 thankful for our babies being besties :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta8645 is available in all stores nationwide today! 
insta8646 i love the glam bible whole look!! this lip liner and highlighter are my fave :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:it’s all available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8647 glam bible palette- the 6 pan eyeshadow palette for the ultimate smokey eye is sold for $30 on kkwbeauty.com. i have this small palette in my purse and make up bag because it’s so small and has the most perfect shadows! 
insta8648 i’m so thankful that ms. alice johnson gets to enjoy thanksgiving this year with her family: god is so good :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8649 i’m thankful for the glow up 
insta8650 snake skin drip on my little northie 
insta8651 an intense black, the first ever mascara instantly defines and creates fuller and thicker lashes with just one coat. available for purchase individually for $18 or in the glam bible smokey volume i for $150 this friday, 11.23 at 12pm pst only at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8652 funny when i look through my phone and find old fitting pics, sometimes the fittings look better then the actual final look :face_screaming_in_fear: lol 
insta8653 interview glam using the new glam bible launching black friday!!! love the lip liner and lipstick from this collection (classic icon i & classic icon liner) kkwbeauty.com 
insta8654 :yellow_heart: 
insta8655 kkw x kylie coming nov 23 kyliecosmetics.com 
insta8656 love this lacma look using the intense black shadow and liner from the new glam bible, including our lashes and mascara and new lip color and liner 
insta8657 baby k 
insta8658 can’t wait for john & chrissy’s christmas special nov 28th:Christmas_tree: 
insta8659 family 
insta8660 kkw x kylie 2 coming to kyliecosmetics.com black friday 
insta8661 i love this look did using the glam bible smokey vol 1 collection. looks like my eyes were struck by lightning using the lightest color shadow right in the center. this palette really is perfection for a smokey eye look! i love these lashes and liner and everything! the lip is a new nude that is a bit more mauve than what i have in our nudes collection! can’t wait for you guys to try this collection! kkwbeauty.com nov 23 
insta8662 :smiling_face_with_open_hands: 
insta8663 the glam bible is launching nov 23. i know you guys are gonna love this! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8664 last night people’s choice awards! thank you for the win!!!! :trophy: 
insta8665 so excited to announce my holiday collection!!! kkw beauty glam bible (smokey volume i) featuring the ultimate glam essentials for a complete smokey look i swear by! coming to kkwbeauty.com on friday, 11.23 at 12pm pst photo by makeup by hair by 
insta8666 :two_hearts: 
insta8668 last week i was honored to receive the gift of life impact award. i was so honored to introduce marrow donor and transplant recipients! it’s so easy to become a donor and save someone’s life. go to giftoflife.org 
insta8669 trying to get my mind off of this fire and snuggling with my niece. we are all safe and that’s all that matters 
insta8670 north is always a mood :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8671 is coming to this holiday season! my fragrances launch in all stores across the country on sunday 11/25! 
insta8672 day dreaming always 
insta8673 always us 
insta8674 i voted today for my baby right here and his future!!! 
insta8675 body ii & body iii are sold out!!! go to kkwfragrance.com and sign up for restock news! body i is still available! 
insta8676 happy birthday to the best mom in the entire world! what would i do without you!?!my rock, my everything! i’m just so grateful for everything you do for us! you really are the best support system and friend anyone could ask for! i love you so much forever!!! 
insta8677 happy birthday i’ve never met a sweeter or prettier human being and someone who has so much fun in life! i hope you get everything you’ve ever dreamed of for your birthday because you deserve it! i’m so happy you are my sister. i love you 
insta8678 baby party :two_hearts: 
insta8679 kkwfragrance.com 
insta8680 pam anderson & tommy lee. love dressing up as these legends! halloween 2018 
insta8681 i love it 
insta8682 halloween 2018 
insta8683 adding 2 new kkw body scents to the collection. dropping nov 2 at 12pm noon kkwfragrance.com 
insta8684 thank you for sending us actual runway looks and real wings to borrow for the night!!! omg a dream come true! got to be a victoria secret angel for the night! and kendall got good practice lol 
insta8685 eat pray love 
insta8686 flashing lights collection- burgundy freaky & fire kkwbeauty.com 
insta8687 :sparkles: 
insta8688 trick or treat! don’t worry i will post halloween pics tonight. still into some bali vibes 
insta8689 i lied. she really is the most interesting to look at... 
insta8690 how cute is my little pumpkin :jack-o-lantern: 
insta8691 i loved my glam this night. 
insta8692 found this pic from bali took 
insta8693 thank you for this amazing dress and for the jewels for the night :sparkles: :camera_with_flash: 
insta8694 :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta8695 besties in bali 
insta8696 my heavenly baby! showing off the new pink shadows in the flashing lights collection wearing flashy and high key available at kkwbeauty.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta8697 my cutie :collision::high_voltage::collision: 
insta8698 :camera_with_flash: for wearing gold big bank & rollie available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8699 the pressed and loose powder pigments are available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8700 lighting is everything :sparkles: new now in stock for the iphone xr, xs and xs max. jump start your holiday shopping with free domestic shipping site-wide. link in bio to shop 
insta8701 richardson magazine by steven klein make up hair 
insta8702 :two_hearts: 
insta8703 another amazing shot by wearing the colors bands and guap available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8704 turquoise tears flashing lights collection of shadows and pigments are available now aim kkwbeauty.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta8705 legends 
insta8706 :dove: by we used the blue shadow and silver shadow in the crease and lighter blue pigment on the brow bone. all available tomorrow at kkwbeauty.com :dove::dove::dove: 
insta8707 so excited for tomorrow! my flashing lights collection launches tomorrow at noon kkwbeauty.com 7 new vibrant shimmery pigments & highly pigmented pressed individual shadows! 
insta8708 a little silver eye this morning! flashing lights collection by available this friday exclusively on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8709 i’ve been waiting for these colors to launch!!!! freaky, big bank, new drip, flashy, bands, extra, glass the pressed powders come in 7 prismatic and jewel-toned shades providing versatility & dimension to your favorite makeup looks. the new collection launches 10.19 at 12pm pst only at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8710 by david lachapelle! a new collection featuring 7 pressed & loose powder pigments, all in bright & jewel-toned shades!!!!! i’m wearing the purple shadow and blue pigment! available this friday 10.19 at 12pm pst 
insta8711 missing my babies!!!!! p.s. mom shammers it’s not a pacifier, he’s eating candy! 
insta8712 high school besties allison & kourt 
insta8713 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta8714 cousin love :two_hearts: 
insta8715 thank you for having me at your beautiful blue book event and letting me wear some pretty serious jewels! 
insta8716 just had to post this 
insta8717 excited to announce that our next kkw beauty and fragrance pop-up will be coming soon to this holiday 2018/2019. follow for news including how you can win a chance to celebrate the store opening with me at a private store event! 
insta8718 ny nights :orange_heart: 
insta8719 happy monday! hope everyone gets their :money_bag:. my friend sold her company for a lot of $ and as a proud friend we threw her a wall street themed party! i’m wearing a coat from 2001 for those who don’t know their fashion history and boots with a bag 
insta8720 the 90’s . just me and my pager :pager: sitting in our parents car acting like we could drive. i was 13. we might have snuck out and taken it for a spin 
insta8721 queen kls :kiss_mark::red_heart: (chi giving us the finger :face_with_tears_of_joy:) 
insta8722 loving my boxycharm box. five full sized products every month, such a good deal! congrats on the success! 
insta8723 :ribbon: happiness :ribbon: 
insta8724 :red_heart:we got love :red_heart: 
insta8725 work it thrilla 
insta8726 :two_hearts: 
insta8727 my little lol doll! :red_heart: 
insta8728 :growing_heart: baby love :growing_heart: 
insta8729 my little man :baby_angel_medium-dark_skin_tone: 
insta8730 morning cuties 
insta8731 the classic blossom palette is all sold out! check the ig page for restock news! :cherry_blossom: the lips and blushes are still available kkwbeauty.com 
insta8732 f*ck with me u know i got it 
insta8733 2007 we started filming keeping up with the kardashians this year :gem_stone: 
insta8734 8th grade- drew barrymore was my everything! 
insta8735 guess who :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8736 love this pic for my crystal gardenia campaign shot by & it restocks today at noon! pst kkwfragrance.com 
insta8737 7th grade. this was my go to lipstick. it’s gotta make a comeback 
insta8738 love this campaign shot from our powder contour & highlight kit! we also just won allure magazine’s “best contour kit” for best of beauty 2018! shop now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8739 mood 
insta8740 beach please :woman_raising_hand_light_skin_tone: 
insta8741 pink lip 4 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8742 love blossom blushes!!! shop them now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8743 pink lip 3 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8744 wait what my classic blossom collection is almost sold out omg kkwbeauty.com :cherry_blossom: 
insta8745 pink lip 2 available now on kkwbeauty.com this barbie pink lip is one of my faves! 
insta8746 waiting on the new season of handmaids tale like... 
insta8747 :two_hearts: the triplets :two_hearts: 
insta8748 :cherry_blossom: shop now :cherry_blossom: classic blossom collection is available on kkwbeauty.com a new eyeshadow palette, 8new pink lipsticks, 3 liners and 3 new blushes!!! 
insta8749 tomorrow drops the classic blossom collection!!!! :cherry_blossom::cherry_blossom::cherry_blossom: i’m wearing the lip shade 1 in this pic! 
insta8750 is launching blushes for the first time and i’m so excited for you to try the buildable formulas and the colors are so dreamy! so this friday go to kkwbeauty.com 
insta8751 new classic blossom collection drops friday and i’m obsessed with pink & berry lipsticks! this is lip kkwbeauty.com 
insta8752 :cherry_blossom: cherry blossom dreams :cherry_blossom: i can’t wait for you to see the new classic blossom collection blushes! and the deep burgundy and plum colored shadows along with 8 pink lips & liners! all launching this friday 9.14 at kkwbeauty.com. :camera: hair- make up- 
insta8753 my new :cherry_blossom: classic blossom collection :cherry_blossom: is almost here and is inspired by my love for the pretty pink-colored cherry blossom trees (chi’s baby shower was cherry blossom themed!) :cherry_blossom: the collection includes a 10-pan eyeshadow palette, 3 blushes, 8 lipsticks and 3 lip liners in shades of pretty pinks and berries :two_hearts: so excited for you guys to get this beautiful collection ! 
insta8754 my cherry blossom baby :cherry_blossom: 
insta8755 great morning everyone! 
insta8756 :water_pistol: super soaker :water_pistol: 
insta8757 still sweeps me off my feet 
insta8758 vibes is back! it’s probably my most unisex fragrance. good vibes exclusively on kkwfragrance.com 
insta8760 i’m wearing lavender ultra light beams powder and gloss available now on kkwbeauty.com almost sold out so hurry! 
insta8761 can you hear me now? 
insta8762 i got this true 
insta8763 i’ll just leave this right here... 
insta8764 lol 
insta8765 o :blue_heart:m :blue_heart: g :blue_heart: 
insta8766 good times 
insta8767 new ultra light beams shadows and lip gloss available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8768 when you start doing stuff you believe in- magic happens! :sparkles: 
insta8769 1998 
insta8770 universe must have my back :sparkles: 
insta8771 wild hair don’t care. *don’t worry i’m holding her up from the back 
insta8772 futuristic barbie :sparkles: they’re here!! ultralight beams are back with 3 new shades & 3 classic shade favorites!!! shop now at kkwbeauty.com :sparkles::sparkles: 
insta8773 peach lips available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8774 :ribbon::sparkles: 
insta8775 i’m wearing the new peach ultra light beams shadow and gloss that’s available friday 8.31 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com :camera: 
insta8776 don’t worry i didn’t forget to post my neon pics. they’re coming :water_pistol: 
insta8777 poker faces :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta8778 is coming back!! on friday, 8/31 we’re coming out with 3 new shades (peach, pink, lavender) and relaunching 3 classic shade favorites (rose gold, bronze, iridescent). sign up for launch updates at kkwbeauty. com :sparkles: 
insta8779 love this glam! we used new powder contour singles here with the classic palette on the eyes and nude liner 2 with nude lip 3. 
insta8780 love this glam using the classic collection palette with peach 1 lip and nude liner 2! all available at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8781 on vacay he just likes to sleep but i got him out for 5 mins for a pic 
insta8782 contour singles available now kkwbeauty.com 
insta8783 my captain:man_pilot_medium-dark_skin_tone:!!!! my whole heart 
insta8784 thinking about you... 
insta8785 10 years of friendship but always new miami adventures! 
insta8786 we start filming season 16 of kuwtk next week. woke up feeling forever grateful! 
insta8787 family over everything! 
insta8788 the neon wig last night made me realize i really love my dark hair. so posting it three times! :kiss_mark: 
insta8789 i actually don’t remember taking this picture. i was 2 drinks in :face_with_tears_of_joy::two_hearts: love you girls!!! 
insta8790 all ways 
insta8791 i thought about killing you :musical_note: 
insta8792 glam squads rule! :kiss_mark::two_hearts::kiss_mark: 
insta8793 summer 3018 
insta8794 my baby north, you were so small here! you will always be my baby 
insta8795 energy doesn’t lie so trust those vibes you’re getting 
insta8796 happy 21st birthday baby!!!!! it’s such a trip that my baby sister is 21 :face_screaming_in_fear: so happy to be on this sister and now mom journey with you forever!!!! i love you so much! you will still always be my baby sis and i’m always here for you no matter what! 
insta8797 sisters about to turn up tonight for ky’s birthday!!!! *don’t worry kourtney included 
insta8798 these two are inseparable 
insta8799 like butter. 
insta8800 beautycon glam was one of my faves! we used my classic palette and nude lipsticks 
insta8801 best friends for life!!!! :two_hearts: 
insta8802 this lipstick has sold out but we will announce a restock hopefully soon! you can still shop the classic eye shadow palette and lipstick 2 & 3 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8803 my babies :two_hearts: 
insta8804 the classic collection is almost sold out!!! shop now at kkwbeauty.com all of the bts are on my app! 
insta8805 our new fall 2018 underwear & jeans campaign. join our family. go see more at http://www.calvinklein.com/mycalvins 
insta8806 smiling on the inside 
insta8807 kimoji fragrances almost sold out! shop now at kkwfragrance.com thanks north for being the best photographer and coming through when mommy needs a good promo post! 
insta8808 we’re almost sold out of the classic collection bundles! the rest of the lipsticks, liners and palettes are available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8809 it was just like 110 in calabasas 
insta8810 shop now! the classic collection is now available only at kkwbeauty.com! 
insta8811 happy 84th birthday to my main idol, my grandma mj! my grandma is the strongest person i know! i saw her be the provider of her family and run her own clothing store my whole life, she’s battled cancer and beat it twice, and she always gives me the realest best advice! she’s probably the only person on this planet that i still remember their home number by heart lol my grandma has a finsta so everyone leave nice comments wishing her a happy birthday! 
insta8812 the classic collection is available at my pop up at the mall today!!!!! or at kkwbeauty.com july 27th 
insta8813 i can still feel the love :two_hearts: 
insta8814 the new classic collection is my favorite palette of the best neutral brown tones! launching july 25th at the pop up or july 27th at kkwbeauty.com i love this shoot by and glam by 
insta8815 trying out this new phone for apple lol 
insta8816 i’m really shy... 
insta8817 seeeeeeessssters 
insta8818 so excited for the classic collection!! the 10-pan eyeshadow palette, 4 new lipsticks & 4 lip liners launch at the pop-up on 07.25 and online on 07.27 at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8819 can you come home from your vacay already mom? i miss you 
insta8820 fendi fam 
insta8821 heading to beautycon today and might pop up on my pop up today at who has picked up the new kimoji fragrance?!?! :camera_with_flash: backgrid 
insta8822 wyd 
insta8823 2007 before i knew what hair extensions and fake lashes were. :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8824 my carlita :pancakes: i’m craving :pancakes: so posted this pic of us last week right after we ate some! 
insta8825 3 generations 
insta8826 kk + ff = :black_heart: 
insta8827 yeezy life 
insta8828 happy 6th birthday my baby girl penelope! i love you so much you have no idea! but p, what’s the tea you’re spilling here?!?!?! :hot_beverage::eyes: 
insta8829 lost files 
insta8830 :pineapple: 
insta8831 twinning 
insta8832 my baby :two_hearts: 
insta8833 day dreaming :two_hearts: 
insta8834 just a few more weeks left of my pop at at the westfield century city mall! 
insta8835 :sparkles: mtv awards glam :sparkles: 
insta8836 :alien: 
insta8837 baddie, wifey, baby girl 
insta8838 :two_hearts: chi :two_hearts: 
insta8839 what would i do without you guys :two_hearts: 
insta8841 needed the right light to show that sparkle :sparkles: 
insta8842 happy birthday to one of my favorite souls on this planet! this year you have shown strength like none other. i admire you for always following your heart. i love seeing you as a mom and can’t wait for the years ahead. let’s celebrate you today! i love you to infinity! 
insta8843 happy birthday love you so much! thanks for always being there!!! 
insta8844 thelma & louise 
insta8845 :two_hearts:sisters :two_hearts: 
insta8846 we’re open! the first ever pop up shop in the westfield century city mall! we’re open until july 27th. come shop all of the kkw beauty & fragrance products 
insta8847 my day 1 
insta8848 keep that same energy 
insta8849 reflecting 
insta8850 my favorite boy 
insta8851 happy father’s day babe. thanks for being such a good dad to our babies! shout out to all of the amazing dads out there! :two_hearts: 
insta8852 i know i’m posting this early but you’re so heavy on my mind tonight. happy father’s day to the best dad in the world. i miss you so much dad :sparkles: 
insta8853 missing my boo... 
insta8854 my baby girl turns 5 today. never did i think back then that i would have my best friend for life! i’m so honored to be your mom northie! you have brought more joy into my world than i ever could have imagined. i can’t believe your so big now! the luckiest girl in the world to be best friends with your cousins and have the most magical parties together! i love you so much birthday girl! p.s. now that you’re 5, don’t you think it’s the mature thing to try to be nice to your brother now!?! 
insta8855 sooo excited to be speaking at on the main stage on sunday, 7/15! who else is going to 
insta8856 listening party tonight 
insta8857 kkw lipsticks!!! kkwbeauty.com i love this edit i saw from my amazing fan sites so i switched to my new lipstick. i see all of the fan sites are being suspended. it makes me so sad that this is happening. i’m going to work with a photo agency so all of the yeezy pics you guys can repost. stay tuned 
insta8858 girl group 
insta8859 :unicorn::rainbow: pics from north & p’s unicorn party will be on our apps soon! 
insta8860 guess what baby...i feel freeeeeeeeee 
insta8861 wearing lipstick shade 3 in the center and 4 all over with lip liner 2. available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta8862 so incredibly honored to have won the 1st ever influencer influencer award. thank you to rick owens for dressing me :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i just love this pic of kourtney and i with he has always been so kind and generous to me and my family! i love his new film the gospel according to andré! it’s a must see! 
insta8863 welcome to the good life... 
insta8864 launching my favorite nude creamy long lasting lip sticks with nude liners today at 12pm kkwbeauty.com 
insta8865 happy birthday babe!!!!! it’s been a wild year but we’re here & life is good! so proud of you dropping back to back albums & fulfilling your dreams. you inspire me to make the impossible always become a reality. love you :two_hearts: 
insta8866 thank you melissa for making my skin :OK_hand: 
insta8867 happy place 
insta8868 can’t wait for my nude lips to drop june 8th!!!!! kkwbeauty.com (this is lipstick shade 6 and lip liner 2) 
insta8869 my fave highlighters :sparkles: available now on kkwbeauty.com they are so silky and blingy!!! :sparkles: 
insta8870 sunday chill with my dad & 
insta8872 wyoming with these ladies 
insta8873 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta8874 my baby chi :two_hearts: 
insta8875 wyoming 
insta8876 jazz hands :open_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8877 my bestie :two_hearts: 
insta8878 the most bling silky highlighters are available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8879 mom & dad 
insta8880 2 new high shine silky highlighter palettes are dropping today at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8881 4 years down and forever to go.... thank you babe for giving me our family and caring so much about us. thank you for inspiring me on a daily, i’m so lucky. i can’t wait for forever... happy anniversary 
insta8882 :sunflower: 
insta8883 17 years old here (1997) with my friend you can hardly see here but i’m wearing green eyeshadow to match my dress and hair clips(that i made). she was the one who got me into colored eyeshadow and would bring me samples from her dads make up line called make up forever! i fell in love with make up hard core from seeing their pigments, she now writes her own beauty blog called beautybanter.com 
insta8884 a really tall lady showed up to kourts house on mother’s day :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta8885 sometimes we all need hugs :red_heart: 
insta8886 i’m so excited to launch the highlighter palettes on 05.24!!! they will come in two different palettes and are so soft, silky and super blingy. can’t wait for you guys to try these!!! 
insta8887 my fave phone case lumee x kimoji lumee.com 
insta8888 random bff post! love you ladies :two_hearts: simone & allison 
insta8889 the mario palette restocks today at 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8890 after party 
insta8891 good morning.... 
insta8892 :sparkles: heavenly yellow :sparkles: 
insta8893 :lollipop: 
insta8894 :sparkles: 
insta8895 the versace met after party was :fire: all of the pics on my app. :crown: 
insta8896 you don’t even understand how many lollipop bribes this pic cost me...but it was so worth. happy mother’s day to all the moms out there. i’m the luckiest mom in the world to have these three babies in my life! 
insta8897 happy mother’s day to the best mom in the entire world! you’ve taught us all how to live life to the fullest and work hard for what you want. you’ve always taught us that family above everything! thank you for being the best grandma to my kids! i love you 
insta8898 yeezy heels 
insta8899 all of the bts from met weekend will be up on my app soon 
insta8900 new obsession. colored contacts 
insta8901 faux fur...it’s my new thing :red_heart::fire::kiss_mark: 
insta8902 don’t feel the pressure to fit in 
insta8903 the cher concert in vegas was literally everything 
insta8904 omg omg omg so excited to receive the first ever influencer award at the fashion awards on june 4th! 
insta8905 theres no one like her....:red_heart: 
insta8906 thank you to my glam team who really put in work!!! new lips coming soon!!! for brows 
insta8907 sister beauties 
insta8908 thank you for designing this stunning dress and thank you to the team! this dress was inspired by the iconic gold chainmail and cross designs from the 1997 versace couture show & thank you for the beautiful jewels! 
insta8909 sisters 
insta8910 last year’s met 
insta8911 catholic school girl 8th grade 
insta8912 let the glam begin... happy met monday 
insta8913 i swear north reminds me of a mix or me and kourt 
insta8914 thank you to everyone who ordered kkw body! i love seeing when you guys get your orders and am so happy you are all loving the scent! go get yours now on kkwfragrance.com while supplies last 
insta8915 they were out of gummy bears 
insta8916 forever one of my favorite shoots. 
insta8917 last year’s met glam...can’t wait for this year! 
insta8919 saint & sushi :baby_angel_medium-dark_skin_tone: & :dog_face: 
insta8920 1999 
insta8921 :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta8922 kkw body is doing so well! thank you all for the successful launch it’s so crazy to see how my fragrance business has grown in such a short period of time! this launch has had the best response out of all of my launches! this makes me so happy! i’m so grateful! be sure to get your kkw body perfume now on kkwfragrance.com 
insta8923 kkw body is now available on kkwfragrance.com! this fragrance has one of my favorite florals jasmine in it with a rich sandlewood and amber! it has sweet and musky notes like peach and rose too! 
insta8924 today is the day! at 12pm pst kkw body is available on kkwfragrance.com juicy peach, jasmine, golden amber are just some of the notes 
insta8925 two more days - kkw body 
insta8926 kkw body 4.30 on kkwfragrance.com 
insta8927 we hardly used any make up here. cream concealer shade 7. and cream contour sticks. that’s it! 
insta8928 4.30 kkwfragrance.com courtesy of pio pico 
insta8929 kkw body fragrance notes - top: vert de bergamot, vert de mandarin, baies rose orpur, peach nectar middle: ylang ylang moheli orpur, rose turkey absolute, jasmine sambac absolute base: vetiver haiti orpur, sandalwood australia orpur, golden amber, musk 
insta8930 work in progress 
insta8932 we took a mold of my body and made it a perfume bottle. 
insta8933 kkw body 4.30 by vanessa beecroft 
insta8934 business of fashion cover 
insta8935 it’s so inspiring to see all armenians united in peaceful protests making a difference. it’s a historic day for armenia. :red_heart::Armenia::kiss_mark: i used this image of me in armenia because this woman touched my heart and to me she represents the heart of so many strong armenians! 
insta8936 kkw x argenis cream eyeshadow sticks available now on kkwbeauty.com they are easily blendable & long lasting! concealer kits are also restocked today! 
insta8937 party of 5 
insta8938 happy sunday :camera: kanye 
insta8939 the bundles and all lips have sold out but the gorgeous kkw x mario palette is still available on kkwbeauty.com love this pic by 
insta8940 :two_hearts: 
insta8941 the kkw x mario collection is restocked & available now on kkwbeauty.com loved this look using the eyeshadow color libra and lips from our collection. 
insta8942 this was me leaving a dinner with my high school friends right after we left our 20 year high school reunion! i had planned this for about a year and kept checking with my friends to make sure they wouldn’t flake! i loved high school and loved seeing so many of the smart gorgeous girls i went to high school with! so proud of everyone and all they have achieved! such a fun night and so glad i reconnected with some people i haven’t seen in forever! 
insta8943 casual gummy bear toss in japan with all of the pics are up on my app! 
insta8944 tonight you have to tune into glam masters for the season finale to see who wins! the winner has done a special collab with the glam master and i have developed cream eyeshow sticks that will be launching april 23rd on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8945 happy birthday to my friend i’ve had the longest in my life! wouldn’t know what to do without you! have the best birthday ever!!!! 
insta8946 vacay selfie (glam by me!) 
insta8947 ok ok i’m almost done posting vacay pics... 
insta8948 take me back.... 
insta8949 :spiral_shell::spiral_shell: 
insta8950 we’re on our way sis... 
insta8951 :kiss_mark: 
insta8952 drip drip:droplet: 
insta8954 morning :sun_with_face: 
insta8955 always got your back sis! 
insta8956 calabasas girl in turks 
insta8957 shout out to my trainer who really changed my body. when i wasn’t happy with what i saw back in the mirror i spent a whole year training so hard 5 or 6 days a week putting in a lot of work and changed the way that i eat and there’s such a noticeable difference. i am firm and less cellulite and so much more confident. so thank you for waking up at 5am to do crazy body building workouts & sprints that i hate :winking_face_with_tongue:& putting me on to this lifestyle 
insta8958 :orange_heart: 
insta8959 blessings 
insta8960 i deleted some vacation pics because i didn’t like the vibe on my page but i re-filtered them and reposting some! :winking_face_with_tongue: i’m crazy about the vibe on my ig page. 
insta8961 :sweat_droplets: 
insta8962 :palm_tree::woman_surfing_light_skin_tone::bikini::spiral_shell: 
insta8963 paradise baby :camera: 
insta8964 it’s getting too hot out now to wear my fave puffer :crying_face: 
insta8965 kkwbeauty.com 
insta8966 theme - wear a blue eye :blue_heart: the palette is almost sold out! go to kkwbeauty.com and get it! :blue_heart: 
insta8968 we did it!!! thank you for working so hard on our kkw x mario collab i’m so proud of this collection! we still have some palettes left for anyone who wants this amazing collection ! kkwbeauty.com 
insta8969 easter pics are up on my app :rabbit_face::hatching_chick: :camera: 
insta8970 lip glosses and eyeshadow palettes still available on kkwbeauty.com :blue_heart: 
insta8971 tomorrow morning all of my easter pics will be on my app 
insta8972 it’s here! kkw x mario collection is available on kkwbeauty.com now! and thank you to everyone who came to our launch dinner! 
insta8973 easter candy :lollipop::rabbit_face::hatching_chick::candy: 
insta8974 today’s the day! kkw x mario launches at 12 pst on kkwbeauty.com follow for your chance to win a free press kit of our collab! 
insta8975 i don’t think you really understand how hard it is to take a good family pic. this was all we got before all three kids started crying. i think i cried too 
insta8976 found this pic i took in the bathroom on set of my shoot 
insta8977 easter pics coming soon on my app 
insta8979 :growing_heart: 
insta8980 concealer kits and individuals are all restocked now and available on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8981 kimoji x lumee coming very soon 
insta8982 my little princess! i love having these memories. thank you for this amazing shoot 
insta8983 low key 
insta8984 :rabbit_face: 
insta8985 he loves her so much 
insta8986 tgif 
insta8987 so many exciting products coming for this bronze look mario did with our new palette and lip. we used our concealers which will be restocked 4-3 on kkwbeauty.com 
insta8988 mood 
insta8989 the crystal gardenia is nominated for the consumer choice award for fragrancefdtn please vote for us: vote.fragrance.org :camera: 
insta8990 the day i met 
insta8991 :blue_heart: 
insta8992 love this shoot by for my kkw x mario shoot! hair by 
insta8993 getting ready this morning with my new lips from the kkw x mario 
insta8994 a fun day of laughs and lasers lol 
insta8995 a metallic cobalt blue called libra is a shade in our palette. & i are both libras & this shade of blue is special to us because i would fight against color & one time when i was on my phone & not paying attention he did a blue eye & i freaked out but then looked in the mirror i loved it! we fight over which look we should do all the time but this blue eye reminds me to trust him lol 4-5 kkw x mario kkwbeauty.com 
insta8996 10 years ago when we met i never dreamed we would be launching our own products together! has taught me everything i know about make up! i’m so proud of this collection of our favorite eye shadows and lips! stay tuned.... kkw x mario 
insta8997 what an amazing day yesterday to take my daughter to washington dc to see our future leaders speak. having my daughter march along-side her grandfather and parents was a day i hope she remembers forever. i know that the younger generation will vote to change these gun laws that so desperately need to be changed. hearing these stories yesterday and meeting so many families affected by gun violence was heart breaking and i hope when it comes time to vote we all step up and vote to protect our children. 
insta8998 messy waves tutorial from on my app! 
insta8999 thank you to everyone who reviewed and shopped the concealer kits! so so excited to see how all of you :heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow: 
insta9000 ‪let’s march! (wear orange) :camera_with_flash: backgrid 
insta9001 so happy the concealer kits have done so well! i can’t wait for everyone to receive them! be sure to check in for restock info! 
insta9002 :camera_with_flash: backgrid 
insta9003 i’m so grateful for my mom and grandma for doing this shoot with me as my concealer campaign! follow my beauty page for your chance to win a concealer kit! kkwbeauty.com 
insta9004 16 shades of concealers, 4 shades of baking powders & 4 brightening powders available now at kkwbeauty.com 
insta9005 today is the day! concealers, baking powder and brightening powders are launching at 12pm pst exclusively on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9006 a few months ago 
insta9007 happy to celebrate we’re giving 25% off all crystal gardenia fragrances for today only! shop now at kkwfragrance.com 
insta9008 i miss the baby pink hair :growing_heart: 
insta9009 kkwbeauty.com concealers launching 3-23 
insta9010 fuelling up with my meal replacement shake before getting my workout done today. you guys need to do yourselves a favor and get on these shakes because i’ve been seeing some seriously good results. i’m doing the green tea matcha shake which is part of the flat tummy bundle program. if you’re looking to give yourself a tummy makeover too, check these guys out because their 20% sale is on right now! 
insta9011 this friday concealer kits are launching! you guys this formula is soooo good! i can’t wait for you to try this! exclusively on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9012 all of the bts from my cover shoot are on my app! a big thank you to my friend diana jenkins for letting us use your amazing home & stocking us with the best neuro drinks all day!!! 
insta9013 16 shades of full coverage concealers. 4 light, 4 medium, 4 dark & 4 deep dark shades. i am shade 7. available at kkwbeauty.com on 03.23 
insta9014 happy birthday to my brother rob!!! i love you so much and wish you all of the happiness in the world! i love raising our kids together, you’re the best dad and friend! can’t wait to celebrate today!! :four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover: 
insta9015 morning cutie :growing_heart: 
insta9016 these gorgeous girls are all wearing new concealer, baking powder & brightening pressed powder available 3-23 on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9017 hair hack- i crushed up vitamin c and mixed it with shampoo to get the pink color out. full deets on my app 
insta9018 i mean....the cutest! she had on winged liner 
insta9019 concealers kits launching 3-23 kkwbeauty.com 
insta9020 芸者の女の子 
insta9021 morning 
insta9022 a dream come true 
insta9023 my first cover!!! thank you to stephen gan makeupbyariel for making this magical cover happen!!! 
insta9024 march 23 concealer kits launching on kkwbeauty.com thanks to my mom & grandma for being the best models and going blonde for this shoot! i’m so proud that my concealers have anti aging properties and we used models ranging from their 20’s to 80’s! go to to see all of our swatches and product shots! 
insta9025 sisters take tokyo 
insta9026 oscar night with 
insta9027 i need a tan 
insta9028 thinking about all of the giveaways were about to do! follow to win my sold out candy hearts & crystal perfumes! follow to win some free ultra light beams sets, contour & new concealer kits! we will be announcing the giveaways soon on both socials! 
insta9029 you guys don’t even understand my love for this woman . when i was 8 years old allison & i watched her shoot her cherish music video in malibu on the beach shot by herb ritz. in 1989 she was also my neighbor & gave kourtney & i a box of neon jewelry & black rubber bracelets. we went to school bragging hard but no one believed us! i’ve looked up to her always & now i get the best skin care advice from her! obsessed with rose mist & the eye mask omg it’s the best. can’t wait for you to watch our intimate chat on youtube follow for all of the details 
insta9030 fine dining :french_fries::hamburger::Japan: 
insta9031 gonna miss the pink :revolving_hearts::candy::purse::cherry_blossom::lollipop::ribbon: 
insta9032 happy international women’s day 
insta9033 empowered women empower women. :oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_medium-light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_medium_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_medium-dark_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_dark_skin_tone: 
insta9034 leggo 
insta9035 i'ma get on the tv momma, i'ma i'ma put shit down 
insta9036 hanging with my girl last night at her single release party for fantasize produced by go check it out available now everywhere! 
insta9037 missing japan :growing_heart: :Japan: :growing_heart: 
insta9038 train :tram: station in kyoto :Japan: 
insta9039 :steaming_bowl: nudels 
insta9040 little louis. 
insta9041 kourtney & kim take tokyo :candy::ice_cream::soft_ice_cream::lollipop: 
insta9042 :lollipop: 
insta9043 :growing_heart: 
insta9044 my hair inspo 
insta9045 :tongue: 
insta9046 chicago in japan 
insta9047 :tornado: 
insta9048 i want this too.... 
insta9049 ねえ 
insta9051 yeezy season 7 
insta9052 the other night we used powder contour & highlighter in medium 
insta9053 so jet lagged been up since 3:30am just wanna lay in bed all day. 
insta9054 :rose: new cover :rose: photo by styling hair make up manicurist 
insta9055 restock alert! full range of powder contour and highlight kits + crème liquid lipsticks will be back in stock on friday, 3.2 at 9am pst kkwbeauty.com 
insta9056 i can’t wait for you guys to see this cover shoot! :camera: 
insta9057 highlight on fleek! 
insta9058 baby chicago 
insta9059 :blue_heart::blue_heart::blue_heart: ( wearing powder contour in medium & dark contour kit as eye shadow, & a new lip coming soon) 
insta9060 morning loves! love this pink look did last week. and we used the creme contour sticks layered with the powder & highlight palette and a new lip that’s coming soon! 
insta9062 i want... 
insta9063 :peach: 
insta9064 happy heavenly birthday dad! miss you so bad. i ordered your favorite ralph’s cake to celebrate! love you forever! 
insta9065 bts of this shoot with coming soon on my app! wearing 
insta9066 i miss you, like everyday 
insta9067 throwback to that time i surprised kanye with a trip to japan for his birthday! he had to guess where we were going based on the snacks and magazines i had the plane stocked with! he was happy! 
insta9068 us 
insta9069 i’m addicted to sweats! 
insta9070 i love a blonde 
insta9071 :baby_angel_medium-dark_skin_tone: 
insta9072 flashback to ‘s birthday party with 
insta9073 :snowflake: 
insta9074 weekend vibes 
insta9075 my baby girl is so big now! 
insta9076 :camera: 
insta9077 i love you to infinity! happy valentine’s day!!! 
insta9078 i need a miami trip soon 
insta9079 good morning! 
insta9080 fendi fan 
insta9081 i found this picture from 2007 of the first club i ever hosted! it was at & was a princess theme! 
insta9082 there’s a 15% off weekend sale for subscribers of kkwbeauty.com & btw i collect old vintage vogue’s 
insta9083 we’re back! is on tonight on e! :camera_with_flash: photo by backgrid 
insta9084 lipstick coming soon 
insta9085 fbf to that time in ny when i didn’t think my pants would photograph that see thru 
insta9086 :eyes: lol 
insta9087 coming soon :camera_with_flash: 
insta9088 new beauty cover shoot talking all about :camera_with_flash: check my ig stories & twitter for the rest of the pics & cover! 
insta9089 :water_wave: 
insta9090 spending everything on alexander wang... 
insta9091 tokyo :fire::Japanese_passing_grade_button::heart_exclamation::Japanese_dolls::carp_streamer::shinto_shrine::bullseye::sushi::fire::kiss_mark: 
insta9092 :revolving_hearts: 
insta9093 2007 pic taken on my blackberry by 
insta9094 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta9095 so grateful to everyone who got my new candy hearts perfumes! i can’t believe they are all sold out!!!! i hope you like these sweet scents! my crystal gardenia is still available on kkwfragrance.com 
insta9097 saturday vibes 
insta9098 :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta9099 tag your bff or treat yourself because today’s the day!!! we are launching our sweet limited edition perfumes today at 12pm pst exclusively on kkwfragrance.com 
insta9100 when you find out they don’t carry anything gluten free :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9101 kimoji hearts ride or die- kkwfragrance.com opening: mandarin de vert, luscious blackberry, juicy purple plum heart: gardenia blossom, night blooming jasmine, raspberry nectar finish: vanilla creme, caramel swirls, tonka bean ==> temptingly sweet, delightfully complex...kimoji hearts ride or die offers a delectable opening featuring luscious black berry and juicy purple plum ... the heart is fierce with notes of night blooming jasmine and raspberry nectar - caramel swirls paired with tonka bean adds depth and elegance to the signature finish 
insta9102 yeezysupply.com 
insta9103 :birthday_cake: kkwfragrance.com 
insta9105 thursday feb 1st bae, ride or die & bff launching exclusively on kkwfragrance.com 
insta9107 hi, can i get zero fucks please, thanks 
insta9108 bo west 
insta9109 kimoji hearts bff- kkwfragrance.com opening: wild berries, pink currant, star apple heart: pink rose petals, jasmine sambac, pear blossom finish: cedarwood, marshmallow vanilla accord, musk ==> an absolutely delicious fragrance offering playful notes of wild berries and crisp star apple - a bouquet of pink rose petals and pear blossom highlight the heart while fluffy notes of vanilla marshmallow and cedar wood contours the finish 
insta9110 bathroom selfie on set 
insta9111 tape trick 
insta9112 little ballerinas! i can’t believe they were this small! time flies 
insta9113 :purple_heart::two_hearts::blue_heart: my kimoji candy heart nails for the shoot by 
insta9114 kimoji hearts bae opening: bergamot, juicy mandarin orpur, kiwi flower heart: jasmine sambac, gardenia blossom, coconut water finish: whipped vanilla, white sandalwood, musk ==> a truly decadent scent offering a sparkling opening of juicy mandarin and mouth-watery kiwi leads you to a flirty floral heart comprised of jasmine sambac and gardenia blossom...supported by ribbons of whipped, vanilla and velvet sandalwood 
insta9116 muse 
insta9117 nothing better than working with my family! honored to be shot alongside my sisters for the new calvin klein underwear & calvin klein jeans global campaign. thank you - our family. :camera: 
insta9118 :baby_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9119 dadye is my fave 
insta9120 love my lashes here. wearing in style "goddess", available at lillylashes.com also wearing powder contour & highlight! 
insta9121 good morning 
insta9122 night cap 
insta9123 good night 
insta9124 twinzies 
insta9125 my app has a whole new look! i’m obsessed. check out my glam break down on my kkw app! 
insta9128 good night 
insta9129 not really sure what we were doing but we took this pic in the photo booth at neverland valley ranch in 1994. 
insta9130 morning :sun: 
insta9131 japan 
insta9132 it’s friday! 
insta9133 good morning 
insta9134 crystal gardenia available now kkwfragrance.com 
insta9135 this smile :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta9136 hey guys! and i need your help to make next weekend’s film festival they’re throwing an exclusive event in park city and i’m so bummed i can’t make it but lumee wants to send one of you guys in my place! head to page for more details. 
insta9137 north is the hide & seek champ! :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9138 i’m craving mc donald’s 
insta9139 :no_smoking: 
insta9141 wearing powder contour in medium. ultralight beams yellow gold shadow and the bronze lipgloss kkwbeauty.com 
insta9142 blush flowers are my thing 
insta9143 yep, then i made myself a smoothie 
insta9144 my dad & cousin andrea, cici’s sister (saint has my dads ears) 
insta9145 good morning 
insta9146 kkwbeauty.com 
insta9148 crystal gardenia kkwfragrance.com 
insta9149 my precious baby boy is so strong! after spending three nights in the hospital & seeing my baby get multiple iv’s and hooked up to oxygen machines, our end of year was challenging. pneumonia is so scary. i just want to thank every nurse & doctor out there who works so hard around the clock. we are so grateful for you all! he’s home and all better. he’s so resilient i’m sure he will still say the ambulance ride was cool! my strong saint :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9150 dark hair for the new year? 
insta9151 one of my “highlights” (pun intended) of 2017 was starting so proud of its success & all of the hard work our team puts in! cheers to an even better year in 2018 
insta9152 happy holidays 
insta9154 my gorgeous grandma mj 
insta9155 ultra light beams loose pigment highlighters available on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9156 once upon a time... 
insta9158 :droplet: 
insta9159 utah a few weeks ago... 
insta9161 kkwbeauty.com 
insta9163 my little lady 
insta9164 all yeezy season 6 
insta9165 holiday collection dropping this weds dec 6th. hint * leopard, sequins, velour & yeezys! & now we ship immediately thekidssupply.com 
insta9166 so happy you guys are loving ultralight beams! the 10-piece set is sold out but the duos are still available in 5 shades: iridescent, rose gold, yellow gold, bronze and copper. kkwbeauty.com 
insta9167 ultralight beams are available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9168 yeezy season 6 
insta9169 today is launch day! so excited for my new ultralight beams highlighters & glosses dropping on kkwbeauty.com at 12pm pst! 
insta9170 season 6 
insta9171 ultralight beams pigment shimmers & glosses launching tomorrow 12pm pst on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9172 ultralight beams powders & gloss duo for $32 or the whole collection for $160 is launching at 12pm pst this friday dec 1st exclusively at kkwbeauty.com 
insta9173 yeezy 
insta9174 2 days until ultralight beams shimmers, highlighters & glosses launch on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9175 ultralight beams launching dec 1st :camera_with_flash: 
insta9176 ultralight beams highlighters & glosses launching dec 1st on kkwbeauty.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta9177 my little cherry blossom baby 
insta9178 found this pic from my rehearsal dinner at versailles with valentino & franca :red_heart: 
insta9179 cherry blossom heaven :cherries::cherry_blossom: 
insta9180 night out in new orleans 
insta9181 the ice cubes at my baby shower! 
insta9182 so thankful! 
insta9183 shoot 
insta9184 you can go into the store in los angeles to get crystal gardenia 
insta9185 happy sunday! keeping up with the kardashians is on tonight! 
insta9186 kkw fragrance x violet grey dinner wearing dolce & gabbana 
insta9187 got to hang with these beauties at my fragrance launch! 
insta9188 simply the best! no one like you! it was an honor to know you. you will be missed so greatly! rest in peace mr. alaia 
insta9189 kkwfragrance.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta9190 so i’ve had the most amazing response to my fragrance and it’s selling out fast! i’m working with my factory to make sure that we can get more for you guys in time for the holidays! i am so so grateful to everyone who bought theirs and i’m seeing all your tweets saying you’ve received them already and are loving them!! thank you guys!!! we still have limited quantities left, and i’ll keep you guys posted on the restock 
insta9191 pom pom 
insta9192 :camera_with_flash: 
insta9194 love this glam using by & for lacma 
insta9195 today’s the day!!! go to kkwfragrance.com at 10am pst to get all 3 fragrances. crystal gardenia, crystal gardenia citrus & crystal gardenia oud 
insta9196 a few years ago 
insta9197 tomorrow my new perfume launches on kkwfragrance.com 
insta9198 kkwfragrance.com launches november 15th 
insta9199 lacma event wearing gucci by tom ford 
insta9200 one more for my fave :kiss_mark: 
insta9201 happy sunday 
insta9202 mood 
insta9203 bff’s 
insta9204 wait it’s tied with selena. this was my fave too! 
insta9205 my fave halloween costume this year was sonny & cher 
insta9206 :motorcycle: 
insta9207 date night 
insta9208 took this pic of the tiled ceiling in this hotel i stayed at in san francisco. same room jfk stayed in and rumor has it marilyn monroe snuck in from the roof top 
insta9209 mud rat 500’s 
insta9210 so excited to share something i've been working on for over a year, screenshot any look on instagram, snapchat, anywhere and find the exact designer looks you see people wearing online, plus it suggests similar items at all price points! it basically turns your screenshots into a shoppable boutique! watch my videos for a demonstration. 
insta9211 yeezy look head to toe & jewelry 
insta9212 happy birthday to my best friend couldn’t have asked for a better mom! literally don’t know how you do it and manage us all and be the best grandma and have the best outlook on life! i’m so grateful for you!!! love you so much! 
insta9214 current obsessions :camera_with_flash: kkwbeauty.com 
insta9215 my cutie! 
insta9216 crystal gardenia, crystal gardenia citrus and crystal gardenia oud available worldwide 11/15 kkwfragrance.com :camera_with_flash: 
insta9217 crystal gardenia, crystal gardenia citrus and crystal gardenia oud available worldwide 11/15 kkwfragrance.com 
insta9218 happy birthday my sweet sister i love you so much!!! 
insta9219 cher 
insta9220 michael jackson & madonna academy awards 1991 
insta9222 went to see dave chappelle this night and laughed all night long. sometimes u just need a good laugh session with your friends! 
insta9223 love this glam! used the dark & light powder contour & highlight kits for my eyeshadow! kkwbeauty.com 
insta9224 and just because it’s monday & i need to start my week with some rhythm! 
insta9226 alexander wang gang 
insta9227 kkw fragrance campaign by mert & marcus launching november 15 kkwfragrance.com 
insta9228 kkw beauty & fragrance 
insta9229 caption this.... 
insta9230 take san fran...? 
insta9231 kuwtk is on tonight! tune into e! & see how & bond...or not! lol kourtney & i look so close in this pic but i was aways her annoying younger sister who copied everything she did! 
insta9232 thank you everyone for all of the love & light this year on my birthday! i love seeing all of your messages, they make me so happy. i love you! 
insta9233 flashback to my first fragrance launch 
insta9234 yeezy mud rat 500’s 
insta9235 yeezy wave runner 700 :water_wave: 
insta9236 late night gummy bear run... 
insta9237 fit for a king 
insta9238 mommy & son day today 
insta9239 playboy 2007 
insta9240 :red_heart: my family. uncle tommy, aunt joan, margaret, dad, papa 
insta9241 daily routine kkwbeauty.com 
insta9242 yeezy 
insta9243 :rose: 
insta9245 thank you for this beautiful cover :camera_with_flash: 
insta9246 i’m just over it today 
insta9247 :camera_with_flash: 
insta9248 blonde ambition 
insta9249 mood 
insta9250 i’d go blonde for that d...:face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9251 faux fur slides. available now at thekidssupply.com 
insta9252 happy saturday 
insta9253 crystal gardenia 
insta9255 kkwbeauty.com 
insta9256 ryan in our point dume dress & akid slides & north in our malibu slip dress thekidssupply.com 
insta9258 mommy & me 
insta9259 thank you t magazine singapore :camera_with_flash: editor in chief creative director stylist hair makeup nails by kayley phan production 
insta9260 wake up & smell the roses... 
insta9261 that highlighter though.... medium kit on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9262 legendary!!!! 
insta9263 my dad was a boss! double roll's w his doberman 
insta9264 powder contour & highlight kits are restocked on kkwbeauty.com now! 
insta9265 blondie 
insta9266 my aunt shelli called and yelled at me when she saw this pic. so i blurred it for you! 
insta9267 us 
insta9268 allure glam by & 
insta9269 a sneak peek into my cover this month. up close & personal for the "best of beauty" issue. :camera_with_flash: daniel jackson 
insta9270 i love the malibu drawings from our 10 year old artist harlow on these silk tap shorts! drop 3 of is live now on thekidssupply.com 
insta9271 alexander wang gang 
insta9272 my grandma mj & my mom 
insta9273 i really don't know what i would do without my do you have yours yet? i know i'm still on the iphone 6, but i just ordered the 8 & thank god we have cases to fit! lumee.com 
insta9274 happy birthday i love you! 
insta9275 cher 
insta9276 icee 
insta9278 gasping at how tall i feel :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9279 nyc 
insta9280 versace at the harper's bazaar icons party 
insta9281 hello 
insta9282 tom ford 
insta9284 vivienne westwood 
insta9285 i meannnnn...how cute! 
insta9286 i'm just not missing my dark hair yet 
insta9287 i pray everyone is safe in this world 
insta9288 kkwbeauty.com is now live! 
insta9289 is restocking today at 12pm pst! get your powder contour & highlight lit, creme contour & highlight kit, or kkw lipsticks at kkwbeauty.com 
insta9290 so honored to have been photographed by mert and marcus for their book new book! 20 years in the making! it's out sept 7th 
insta9291 i remember this shoot. perfume campaign. 2012-maybe 2013 or 14 ish? 
insta9293 the 3 of us... 
insta9294 pretty hot glam squad 
insta9296 tgif 
insta9297 good morning 
insta9298 september cover channeling my style icon cher photographer: editor-in-chief: stylist: make-up: hair: manicurist: 
insta9299 i loved reading the interview inside by thank you janet! north's interview is so cute too! thank you penelope, kaia gerber, millie bobbi brown & the federline boys for asking north her questions 
insta9300 here's a bts pic from our shoot. just wanted to thank for pushing me to do a shoot that was very different & powerful & allowed me to pay homage to the iconic jackie kennedy who i admire & respect! 
insta9301 interview magazine september cover!!! this photo shoot i will cherish forever as such an amazing memory with my daughter, working with the most incredible team photographer: stylist: hair: makeup: manicurist: 
insta9304 september issue shot by features a 90's story! i was on set seeing so many transformations. can't wait to see how everyone's turned out. we channeled :crown: beauty for one of the shots. check my twitter for all of the official pics 
insta9305 good morning 
insta9306 i'm so bad with captions 
insta9307 good morning 
insta9308 thank you guys for the amazing kkw beauty launch of our powder contours & highlighters! i can't wait for you guys to get them!!! 
insta9309 kkw beauty powder contour & highlighter kits with dual-ended brush available now on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9310 total eclipse of the heart 
insta9311 matte bronzer is my fave! get ready for the launch tomorrow! 
insta9312 chill 
insta9313 in mario's masterclass today we used powder contour's & highlighters on top of the cream contour for a stronger look! can't wait for you guys to try them! 
insta9314 thank you to everyone who came out to the masterclass today with 
insta9315 ceiling view at my rehearsal dinner 
insta9317 thank you for the amazing cover story on the family. reflecting on the past 10 years has been so motivating to see my whole family work so hard and be so open with our lives! to my family- you guys inspire me everyday! what an amazing fun decade we've had! the best memories ever! family over everything!!! 
insta9318 powder contour & highlight kits dropping next week! if i could only have one thing in my makeup bag, it would be my powder kit! there are two matte contour shades and two shimmer highlight shades in each palette and a new dual-ended brush with an angled side for contour and a round side for highlight. plus each palette comes with a built in mirror. i'll use the lighter shade as a bronzer to warm up my face and the darker shade to contour and define. and the highlighters give the prettiest glow! i usually use the medium kit when i'm tan, and the light when i'm pale. launching 08.22 on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9319 kkw beauty powder contour & highlight kits with the new brush available aug 22nd for $52 
insta9321 powder contour & highlight 
insta9322 casual in cabo 
insta9323 kkw beauty powder contour & highlight shoot shot by 
insta9324 so excited for you guys to see my tutorial with that goes up on her youtube channel today at noon! we used her new amazing eyeshadow palette with & my new powder contour & highlight kit! go check it out! 
insta9326 even her cry face is pretty! i'm gonna take notes! 
insta9327 i am so proud of this bronzing contour and highlight pallette! i know you guys will love the formulas! they launch 
insta9328 powder contour and highlight kits launching this month on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9330 powder contour and highlight kits are launching this month. stay tuned for the reveal. 
insta9332 my new powder contour and highlight kits are coming soon! i’ll be doing a full reveal of the palette shades next week. i’m so proud of these new powder kits and i can’t wait to share them with you guys. 
insta9333 mercy 
insta9334 happy birthday baby sis! you are always so determined & so set on what you want in life & starting at such a young age you always went for it. that's so inspiring to watch. i love you ky 
insta9335 i worked out today. been like two weeks. 
insta9336 when is national ice cream day? (this pic was taken by shelli azoff when i was 15. first trip to europe on tour with the eagles) allison & i made a journal of this trip. i'm gonna look for it & post it on my app! 
insta9337 :pizza: 
insta9338 this is my screensaver 
insta9339 so proud of my little sis she has her own show!!!! tune in tonight on e! 
insta9340 just because... 
insta9341 when you're trying to take a :camera: with :sushi: but you're photo bombed by your hubby 
insta9342 i need more consistency on my insta feed. should i go back to all one filter? please help. i really need to step my insta page up 
insta9343 my forever mood 
insta9344 i know i'm a day late on posting this but we spoke so you know i love you! i hope you had the best birthday yesterday! so many amazing memories & so many more to come! i love you so much and am forever grateful for you! 
insta9345 mood 
insta9346 one more for national lipstick day! wearing kiki velvet liquid lip on kkwbeauty.com 
insta9347 :airplane: 
insta9348 the wind you guys....is this necessary 
insta9349 happy birthday mj! i'm so lucky to have you in my life! i know i tell you all the time but i really am. this pic is ages ago but i remember it like yesterday being in my parents kitchen with that wall paper (cici just sent a pic on vogue with the same wall paper!!! our group texts were so funny about this wall paper) so many memories you helped create! i love you so much! 
insta9350 harlow designing 
insta9351 personalized kids yeezys getting ready to ship out! more stuff on thekidssupply.com 
insta9352 bff's how cute is ryan wearing slip dress and choker & slides 
insta9353 look at these cuties! 
insta9354 :full_moon: 
insta9355 :red_heart: 
insta9356 balmain nights in la 
insta9357 nyc vibes. shop the look on my app! 
insta9358 happy birthday i will never forget this trip we took to paris! you make life so much fun, you remember every detail & memory! i've never met anyone like you! your battle with cancer is "not ok" (as you say) but i've never seen anyone fight the way you do and still have such a positive outlook on life! you are my inspiration & i look up to you more than you know. i love you 
insta9359 the lion king 
insta9360 malibu 
insta9361 happy birthday my sweet p! thank you for being the best friend to my north! i love you! 
insta9362 my crème contour and highlight kits sold out but luckily my friends over at snagged a few and are willing to share :winking_face: check out their page to see how you can win one. they're also giving my followers a discount at lumee.com this weekend. use code "beauty" for 20% off the lumee destination collection which includes my blush case! 
insta9363 :victory_hand_medium_skin_tone::bear: 
insta9365 august 19th with in nyc. will i be seeing you guys there? themasterclass.com 
insta9366 happy birthday to my little sissy i don't know what life would be like without you! you deserve all the happiness on this earth! thanks for making life so much fun! i love you!!! 
insta9367 sisters waiting to surprise khloe... 
insta9368 sushi :sushi: 
insta9369 japan :Japan: 
insta9370 say cheese 
insta9371 thank you again for the fun night!!! 
insta9372 :kiss_mark: 
insta9373 thank you for djing the event! scroll for more pix too! 
insta9374 i’m so grateful to everyone who helped me celebrate my launch. i got to meet so many new people and loved hearing everyone’s in person reviews of my creme contour kits. restock news coming soon! 
insta9375 thank you to everyone who came out to my launch event! loved seeing my og's & meeting so many new people! 
insta9376 you are always my make up mentor! love you 
insta9377 kkwbeauty.com is now live!!!! 
insta9378 today's the day!!! launches at 9am! go to kkwbeauty.com for the creme contour and highlight kits! 
insta9379 so excited for tonight's kkw beauty launch event! 
insta9380 one day to go!!!! 
insta9381 i’m so in love with these shades! i use the medium and dark kits depending on whether i’m going for a natural daytime look or i want a more dramatic contour for the evening. 
insta9382 god i am so lucky you were my dad. i remember right before you passed away i thanked you for everything u taught me & i told u i would raise my kids with everything i learned from you, whenever that time would come. well i kept my promise dad! thank you for being the best! 
insta9383 happy fathers day :blue_heart: 
insta9384 happy fathers day! thank you for being such a good dad to our babies! 
insta9385 happy sunday 
insta9387 sister puppies for north & p! penelope named hers honey. what should we name ours? 
insta9388 besties 
insta9389 kimoji daddy drop today at noon! kimoji.com 
insta9390 my baby girl turned 4 years old today! she's my light & my everything!!! i love you to the moon & back north 
insta9391 happy birthday babe i love you so much! you inspire me every day to be a better person! i'm so grateful for you :red_heart: 
insta9392 :sweat_droplets: reunited :sweat_droplets: 
insta9393 :collision: coming soon :collision: 
insta9394 i know cindy drinks this so i'm in!!! 
insta9395 contemplating 
insta9396 almost your birthday 
insta9397 :red_heart: 
insta9398 not today 
insta9399 just because 
insta9400 some of my fave people 
insta9401 watch what happens live airs tonight on bravo at 11/10c :kiss_mark: 
insta9402 season 14 :movie_camera: 
insta9403 3 down, a lifetime to go...:red_heart: 
insta9410 happy birthday to my fashion icon armenian queen cher! 
insta9411 who's coming to new york in august for the master class with ?!?! get tickets now at themasterclass.com 
insta9412 my little man 
insta9413 she has no clue what 100 million followers means but she's excited cause i'm excited lol thanks for the follows and the love :hundred_points: 
insta9414 vibez 
insta9415 tuesdaze 
insta9416 i saved the queen for last! mom you have walked through the fire for us all and i know in my heart you would do it all over again to keep us safe. we've all been through so much together & you are always our strength when we need it. i love you so much! 
insta9417 happy mothers day to my sister who makes it always look so easy! i love you 
insta9418 to the woman who started it all, my grandma mj. you taught all of us girls to be strong independent women. i love you 
insta9419 thank you to my babies for choosing me and allowing me to be your mom. you've given me a deep love i can't explain. i'm always here to teach you and protect you! thank you for making my mothers day so special! 
insta9420 my sisters and i visited planned parenthood recently and learned that the house of representatives forced through a bill that strips health care coverage from millions of people and raises health care costs, including planned parenthood patients. :crying_face:they are such an amazing place that provides so much to so many! 
insta9421 besties! 
insta9422 that time north gets a time out & is a little too quiet... i go in her room to check on her & she's in the bathroom, made her own spa & tells me she's chilling out :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9423 not today 
insta9424 :blue_heart: 
insta9425 my baby boo 
insta9426 costa rica :Costa_Rica: we're there tonight on kuwtk. tune into watch tonight on e! 
insta9427 thekidssupply.com 
insta9428 close up 
insta9429 so excited to announce you can get a signed, limited-edition copy of "selfish" with an all-new cover – exclusively available on the link is in my bio 
insta9430 girl power last night! happy birthday to the queen 
insta9431 and what would the met be without that squad pic?! 
insta9432 with the baddest :fire::kiss_mark: rih's the definition of the met! 
insta9433 stepping up into the met like.... i have the best glam team! :red_heart::lipstick::kiss_mark: thank you 
insta9434 simplicity this year 
insta9435 met 2017 
insta9436 lol 
insta9437 kkw x kylie kiki: pinky nude kim: peachy nude kimmie: deep nude kimberly: true nude 
insta9438 wearing kimberly kkw x kylie 
insta9439 the kkw x kylie collab of 4 nude lip kits with the new creme liquid formula is available now! so proud to collab with my little twin sissy! kyliecosmetics.com 
insta9440 kkw x kylie collab kyliecosmetics.com 
insta9441 the restock is live on kyliecosmetics.com kkw x kylie collab available now 
insta9442 we're restocking our kkw x kylie collab today at 3pm on kyliecosmetics.com 
insta9443 :victory_hand_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9444 hey 
insta9445 girls trip 
insta9446 today's the day! the kkw x kylie launches today at 3pm. kyliecosmetics.com 
insta9447 who's ready for tomorrow?!?! 
insta9448 so excited about this nudes collection 
insta9449 happy birthday to the one and only gluten, dairy, wheat free human my best friend, the best mom and the best sister in the world! 
insta9453 easter 2017 
insta9454 cher! need i say more! my fashion icon and fellow armenian. what a proud moment this was. we will and make sure everyone hears the armenian story :Armenia: 
insta9455 my cutie! 
insta9462 i just like this pic 
insta9463 white lumee duo in apple stores worldwide 
insta9464 90's 
insta9465 themasterclass.com 
insta9466 flashback 
insta9467 bts of darkstar006 with on my app 
insta9468 pat x kkw 
insta9469 daily front row fashion awards with the baddest 
insta9470 come and meet me in the bathroom staaaaallllll :camera_with_flash: 
insta9471 :growing_heart: 
insta9472 swish 
insta9473 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta9474 good morning 
insta9475 :kimono: 
insta9476 kris jenner vibes 
insta9477 calabasas yeezysupply.com 
insta9478 details 
insta9479 date night 
insta9480 detoxing with :purple_heart: it tastes amazing and the ingredients are all natural :teacup_without_handle: 
insta9481 7 years old and obsessed with bows :ribbon: 
insta9482 happy 12 year old 
insta9483 squad 
insta9484 :red_heart: you 
insta9485 i took a tragic horrific experience and did not let it diminish me, rather grew and evolved and allowed the experience to teach me. i can say i've become so much better because of it....thank you for allowing me to share my story tonight 
insta9486 tonight's episode is going to be very tough for me. however, i thought it was important to share this story through my eyes & not in an interview where my own words could be twisted. i have always shared so much & i'm not going to hold back when this was probably one of the most life changing experiences for me. i would never wish this experience upon anyone, but have learned some valuable lessons & feel so blessed to be safe home with my babies & husband. to my friends, family, and loved ones i can't thank you enough for being there when i needed you the most. to the french police, thank you for your incredible hard work. *this was our last family photo taken in paris 
insta9487 i know i'm late but happy birthday bobby. i love you mucho :four_leaf_clover: 
insta9488 should i be original and say long hair don't care? 
insta9489 this is happening! the lumee black duo is now in apple globally -loving the back light! 
insta9490 awkward run ins are my fave 
insta9492 blondie 
insta9493 found this pic of and i. i remember the first time you dressed me in givenchy. so many amazing memories. i can't wait to see what's next! :red_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta9494 & 
insta9495 hey beautiful girl 
insta9496 today 
insta9497 i'm into throwbacks these days. i'm 19 & cowgirl kourt is 20 
insta9498 palm springs :palm_tree: 
insta9499 throwback to when kourtney & i were 9&10. not sure what's cooler allison's la raiders boxers worn as shorts or kourt's reebok pumps & hair cut and me doing a hair flip per usual 
insta9500 goth nori 
insta9501 i just like this pic 
insta9502 2009. maybe 2008 i can't remember 
insta9503 vibey 
insta9504 tennis time :tennis: 
insta9505 me and my sainty boo a few months ago...scroll through 
insta9506 new tutorial up on my app with 
insta9507 zebra 350 
insta9508 weekend vibes 
insta9509 i will always remember my first day of school. el rodeo! just found this pic and wanted to post it since it was my dad's birthday the other day! 
insta9510 sister :red_heart: 
insta9511 all the way :up_arrow::UP!_button: 
insta9512 trifecta 
insta9513 new pics on my app 
insta9514 i miss my babies so much 
insta9515 happy valentine's day 
insta9516 nyfw here we come!!! thank you 
insta9517 kim x ky take costa rica :Costa_Rica: 
insta9518 don't go chasing waterfalls :sweat_droplets::herb: 
insta9519 :blue_heart: 
insta9520 :herb::sweat_droplets: jump :herb::sweat_droplets: 
insta9521 missing costa rica! i put up some new pics from the trip on my 
insta9523 have you guys seen the duo?!?! it launched at all apple stores in december and has lights on the front & the back so you can take insane pics! it's a softer case now too! 
insta9524 costa rica :Costa_Rica: 
insta9525 possibly one of my favorite gowns ever! thank you more pics on 
insta9526 my favorite part of the trip was visiting rashid paediatric therapy centre. these beautiful children showed me a performance of a lifetime! my hat goes off to the amazing teachers and caregivers who dedicate their time for the future of these children! 
insta9527 love this pic of and i right before we hit the stage at his master class in dubai. i learn so much hearing him teach his make up tricks and was so honored to be a part of this! so proud of mario & cant believe it's been almost a decade of working together! more exciting things to come! 
insta9528 so proud of the women & men who stood up for what is right & are determined to make this world a better place for our children. here's to strong women. may we know them. may we be them. may we raise them. 
insta9529 oh northie!!! north fell and was crying so potus gave her white house m&m's. she smiled when i opened the box but i wanted to save them for memories so wouldn't let her eat them so she cried again :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9530 what an era! i posted some amazing memories on my website/app! i can't wait to show these to my kids one day! :United_States: 
insta9531 thank you mr. president. you will be missed! 
insta9532 if you only knew... 
insta9533 :racing_car::construction::vertical_traffic_light: 
insta9534 thank you dubai for the jet lag :kiss_mark: 
insta9535 bad & boujee 
insta9536 travel buddies 
insta9538 :water_wave: 
insta9539 :United_Arab_Emirates: 
insta9540 dubai 
insta9541 on our way 
insta9542 :baby_medium_skin_tone::birthday_cake: 
insta9543 :red_heart: 
insta9544 he always has my back :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta9545 my boys :red_heart: 
insta9547 mom 
insta9548 :person_dark_skin_tone_blond_hair: 
insta9549 :red_heart::red_heart::baby_medium_skin_tone::girl_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9551 my son :red_heart: 
insta9552 family 
insta9553 details 
insta9554 this guy is always in my shot! 
insta9555 balenciaga. no make up today. 
insta9556 mood 
insta9557 step up in this bitch like!!!!! 
insta9558 kourtney and kim take paris 
insta9559 givenchy couture 
insta9560 paris squad 
insta9561 :sparkles: golden :sparkles: 
insta9562 :leopard: 
insta9563 hair flip & eye roll at the same damn time! 
insta9564 :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: 
insta9565 sister slay 
insta9566 on the way to balmain 
insta9567 parisian vibes 
insta9568 nyc :right_arrow: paris 
insta9569 currently 
insta9570 :blue_heart: 
insta9571 love spending time with my today was definitely much needed and warmed my heart! love you!!! 
insta9572 major side eye :eyes: 
insta9573 tonight 
insta9574 bathroom selfie right before pablo hits the stage 
insta9575 miami 
insta9576 in all seriousness i'm going to be totally selfless for this one last post. thanks for being my main bitch! happy birthday! 
insta9577 you're so professional so responsible & thanks for never drinking on the job! 
insta9578 seriously thanks for always having my back and eating all my left overs so they don't go to waste! 
insta9579 happy birthday i love this pic of us! 
insta9580 thank you love this couture gown for the harper's party! 
insta9581 :red_heart: 
insta9582 the icon herself and of course we're matching in duh 
insta9583 bazaar icons kanye x tommy x carine x kim 
insta9584 happy birthday to one of the most genuine funniest guys i know! i love you 
insta9585 coming soon! 
insta9586 love this look! clear thigh high boots :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::tongue::fire: yeezy season 4 
insta9587 yzy szn 4 - roosevelt island 
insta9588 yeezy season 4 
insta9589 silver surfer 
insta9590 :collision::camera_with_flash::collision: 
insta9591 me & my mini me! 
insta9592 so ready for saint pablo tonight at msg 
insta9593 wired :camera: mert & marcus 
insta9594 :women_holding_hands: 
insta9595 love finding pics like this in my phone! shout out to steph for taking it :ZZZ: 
insta9596 my sweet baby girl :cherry_blossom::blossom::cherry_blossom: 
insta9597 closed eyes, see things 
insta9598 i :red_heart: my family 
insta9599 just checked into our nyc penthouse. thanks for the gift of our home away from home. 
insta9600 . 
insta9601 date night 
insta9602 wet beachy glam last night 
insta9603 vintage galliano & kanye west x jacob the jeweler's new collection for the vma's 
insta9604 famous exhibit at blum & poe art gallery 
insta9605 bikini tennis anyone? :tennis: 
insta9606 thank you omaze & red for this amazing experience! we had a fun glam session & raised $ for 63k days of life saving hiv/aids medication for african countries. loved hanging out with you carlin & your mom christine! xoxo 
insta9607 dubai!!!! & i will be there oct 14th. go to themasterclass.com for tickets! our 1st sponsor is kylie cosmetics! so everyone will get a free lip kit! 
insta9608 glow 
insta9609 selfish in mexico 
insta9610 nothing better than house in punta mita! thank you for the best memories! 
insta9611 new kimoji merch available for just the weekend! go to kimkardashianwest.com or my app to get it! 
insta9613 best trip ever! follow me on snap 
insta9614 love this harper's bazaar cover! 
insta9615 on set yesterday :camera_with_flash: 
insta9616 today 
insta9617 didn't think it would happen this soon...my baby girl stealing my shoes. at least she has good taste :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta9618 congrats to erin & stacy!!!:ring::ring::ring: 
insta9619 here's a pic from my new edition of selfish out in october. how sweet is my saint at 2 months old & my little north :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta9620 new selfish alert! 2 more chapters added! dropping soon! 
insta9621 september issue of vogue!!!!!!! yesss true fan girl moment seeing my sister achieve her goals to the highest!!! get it baby girl!!!!! 
insta9622 the kylie kimoji face phone case is available only today for kylie's birthday!!! go to my app or kimkardashianwest.com to get it! 
insta9623 happy birthday to my beautiful boss sister i love you more than you know! i'm so proud of who you are as a person! you are the least judgmental person i know! keep being you! 
insta9624 dubai are you ready!?!? & i are coming for a master class october 14th! let the birthday celebrations begin! 
insta9625 met night vibes all on my app! exclusive pics while getting ready! link in my bio! 
insta9626 :red_heart: 
insta9627 having lunch with the families of loved ones who were killed by gun violence. i learned a lot from listening to their stories. life is so precious! what will it take for this to stop? 
insta9628 love this look. i break it down on my app! 
insta9629 :camera_with_flash: 
insta9630 find out why karl made me cry on my first shoot with him :face_with_tears_of_joy::crying_face: but don't worry he made it up to me on this shoot! kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9631 yep we were really taking selfies the whole time and they are all up on my app! link is in my bio. kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9632 loving this harper's bazaar shoot! 
insta9633 happy birthday the chicest man i know! xoxoxo 
insta9634 weekend vibes 
insta9635 this balmain campaign was epic! i posted all of the bts pics on kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9636 cuban vibes!!! throwback to when we were in cuba! can't wait to watch tonight's episode with you guys! a new episode of kuwtk starts soon! 
insta9637 my met gala fitting pics are all on kimkardashianwest.com today! and yessss i still have those extra pieces & cannot wait to wear them!!! 
insta9638 balmain :camera_with_flash: 
insta9639 :red_heart: my boo 
insta9640 this might be one of my favorite shoots! thank you & for the funny article! 
insta9641 wearing yeezy season with yeezy 
insta9642 i loved this shoot! it was so us. flew to paris for a day & got to shoot with the legend styled by my icon & creative direction from stephen gan! 
insta9643 love our september issue of styled by- :camera_with_flash: by- 
insta9644 the girls & i saw show "all i have" :fire::fire::fire: i put up so many pics on my app. link in my bio. if you don't have it download it now on itunes & type in kim kardashian west. or kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9645 i know i'm a little late but happy birthday to my girl we had the best time in vegas celebrating your birthday & after seeing your show i started my diet again lol i've never met anyone who ages backwards! so beautiful inside & out! forever my inspiration! 
insta9646 i recently went to the hamptons and had so much fun! all the pics are up on my app! 
insta9647 happy birthday to the most amazing grandma in the world! i love you so much words can't even explain! 
insta9648 so much fun in vegas at hakkasan last night! 
insta9649 tune into keeping up with the kardashians tonight on e to see all the bys at milf $ video! 
insta9650 back at it in the hamptons with 
insta9651 more bts of video milf $ video on my app! 
insta9652 all the bts pics from the milf $ video are on my app today! 
insta9653 such a tremendous honor to be on the cover of i never dreamed this would happen and know my dad would be so proud. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta9654 this must end now! link in my bio. 
insta9655 hey guys! lumee cases are featured today as amazon’s prime deal of the day. best deal ever! amzn.to/29kddyj 
insta9656 pre photo shoot fittings 
insta9657 check kanye's twitter for al of the famous viewings 
insta9658 :sweat_droplets::baby_bottle::shower::baby_bottle::money_bag::tongue::sweat_droplets: 
insta9660 so fun being in my girl video for milf money! everyone go watch it! :baby_bottle::money_bag: 
insta9661 :baby_bottle: milf $ :baby_bottle: 
insta9662 got milf? 
insta9663 happy birthday to the most beautiful soul and ass, koko you constantly surprise me with your strength and determination. i've learned so much from you in this life time, i'm so proud to call you my sister and best friend! and the best auntie to my babies! i love you okkkkkuuurrrr! 
insta9664 who is tuning into keeping up with the kardashians tonight???? let's live tweet! i love this kimoji pic! not sure where kendall is lol 
insta9665 today is the 2 year anniversary of kim kardashian hollywood! so proud of this game & the team who worked so hard on it with me! thank you niccolo de masi! go to kimkardashianwest.com for the bts story of how this game was created! 
insta9666 :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: on my snap chat 
insta9667 mermaid party pics on my app and kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9668 hamptons 
insta9669 new project alert! so excited i got to work with can't wait for you to see what we're working on! 
insta9670 happy fathers day babe! thank you for always putting our family first and being the best dad to our babies! i couldn't ask for a better husband and more perfect family. we love you so much! 
insta9671 happy father's day dad! you were the best dad in the world! the last conversation i had with you, i told you that i was so lucky to have had the best example of what a dad should be and one day i will have kids and pass on everything you taught me. i'm so lucky to have had you as my dad. i love you 
insta9672 we're having a mermaid party today and you can too, join us in kim kardashian hollywood! 
insta9673 obsessed with the new kimoji phone case! there's not many left so get it now on my app or kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9674 fight night! i won lol :red_heart: 
insta9675 gq :camera: mert & marcus 
insta9676 kim kardashian hollywood does gq 
insta9677 so many amazing pics from i can't wait for you to see them all! thank you for this amazing cover! :camera: 
insta9678 thank you for making all of my princess dreams come true today! 
insta9679 the cover of is here!!! this was seriously a dream come true!!!! :camera: 
insta9680 mood 
insta9681 obsessed with my go to lumee.com to get one! 
insta9682 it's a wrap 
insta9683 it all started with 
insta9684 let the transformation begin 
insta9685 missing you :water_wave: 
insta9686 thewifeofpablo 
insta9687 island vibes 
insta9688 balmain army 
insta9689 happy birthday to my best friend! i usually would be scared for us getting older but as each year passes i'm just happy we have more time on this earth together! i love you so much and hope this year brings you so much happiness 
insta9690 last night was crazy! kanye wished he could have performed last night and really tried so hard but it was ultimately out of his control! he has the best fans in the whole world, thank you all for coming out at 2am. promise he will make up this pop up show! 
insta9691 hey new york 
insta9692 wore my new yeezy season 2 heels with an orange :tangerine: pablo shirt yesterday in support of gun violence awareness day. something has to change :prohibited::water_pistol: 
insta9693 it's gun violence awareness day :prohibited::water_pistol: 
insta9694 mood 
insta9695 north isn't afraid of snap chat anymore! follow me on snap :ghost: 
insta9696 today's vibes 
insta9697 happy birthday lord!!! spending all day trying to find the right pic to post made me remember all of our amazing memories as a family! love you hbd 
insta9698 thank you for making me this gorgeous dress. and for glam with jewels. 
insta9699 vogue 100 
insta9700 what a fun night!!!! getting ready for the vogue 100th birthday party with & wearing 
insta9701 happy 2 year anniversary to the love of my life! you make me so happy! i love you so much!!! 
insta9702 my ring shined so bright for our love in rome while we celebrated our 2 year anniversary in italy, the country we got married in! 
insta9703 legend 
insta9704 when in rome...go see la traviata with valentino! :Italy: 
insta9705 teatro dell 'opera 
insta9706 thank you british vogue for having me at the festival yesterday with my doll 
insta9707 my cover is on stands now! :camera: 
insta9708 my australian vogue shoot has me missing australia, i need to come back soon :koala: 
insta9709 vogue australia 
insta9710 i love this shoot! thank you for styling this so perfectly!!! :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta9711 the girls got princess make overs at the bibbity bobbity botique! i've never seen anything sweeter! thank you for the magical memories! 
insta9712 my visit to ernest hemingway's house in cuba is on my app today! link in my bio 
insta9713 missing cuba 
insta9714 a big thank you to fawaz gruosi for having me at the event tonight! obsessed with these jewels 
insta9715 thank you for the cannes glam! & 
insta9716 thank you for making this amazing dress for me to wear in cannes! 
insta9717 cannes! :France: 
insta9718 cannes we're here! :ghost: kimkardashian 
insta9719 vivenne westwood for the webby's 
insta9720 iceland 
insta9721 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta9722 to vail with my :red_heart:'s 
insta9723 :winking_face_with_tongue::closed_umbrella::birthday_cake: 
insta9724 happy birthday to the last emperor valentino! we can't wait to celebrate with you next week!!!! we love you! 
insta9725 tonight's episode is one of my favorites this season, it's super emotional. i hope you guys tune in keeping up with the kardashians is on in a few minutes! tune into e! 
insta9726 happy mothers day to my grandma mj. so happy i got to spend the day with you and my babies! you have taught all of us girls to be independent and work hard and i'm so grateful for you! 
insta9727 happy mothers day mom! i'm so lucky to have you as my mom. being a mom now makes me appreciate how hard it was to raise all of us! i love finding old pics and seeing us always dressed as twins (even though i look cray with the bangs i just cut). i love you! 
insta9728 june cover wearing yeezy 
insta9729 viva cohiba 
insta9730 on our way to ernest hemingway's home 
insta9731 i love cuba! one of our best trips yet! being away and living in the moment having no phone service was so amazing! we felt like we stepped back into a different time period. i can't wait to go back. thank you cuba! 
insta9732 i love my husbands eyes at the met 
insta9733 balmain army 
insta9734 thank you vogue for making us the best dressed couple!!! thank you & for bringing us & making us the sickest looks! we love you 
insta9735 this diamond cuff earring though 
insta9736 :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: 
insta9737 robot glam! we did a bleached brow, which i love for editorial or a themed fashion event like the met. it's fun to take a risk at an event like this! & wet slicked back hair. 
insta9738 about last night.... met 2016 
insta9739 this time last year.... 
insta9740 met monday.... 
insta9741 midnight met prep 
insta9742 keeping up with the kardashians season 12 premiere airs tonight!!!!!! honestly this is one of the craziest seasons ever!!! tune into e! 
insta9743 so proud of on the launch of her new book! looking at these collection of images is so inspiring! thanks for signing a book for north! love you!!! 
insta9744 i stay working out :tired_face: 
insta9745 set vibes 
insta9746 sipping' on some lemonade this morning.... :crown::honeybee::lemon: :raising_hands_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9747 shot a fun tutorial today with using only drug store products on my app! link in bio 
insta9748 my fave dentist on the rare occasion that i smile, thanks for making my smile so pretty! we're gonna do some fun giveaways on my app! 
insta9749 all chest no legs!!!! shoutout to whoever took this pic! i love it! 
insta9750 i can't believe it has been a year since my cousins, khloe, kanye, north and i visited armenia and learned so much about our family history. today marks the 101st year of the armenian genocide. over 1.5 million armenians were massacred by the ottoman empire. today is an extremely important day of memorial for me and millions of fellow armenians across the world. we need to stand together as one and help get the recognized. :Armenia: 
insta9751 my cutie 
insta9752 back in miami 
insta9753 bathroom break 
insta9754 i will always remember this moment with one of my favorite artists! i was so star struck i froze! rip prince 
insta9755 girls day! 
insta9756 blue lagoon! 
insta9757 icey 
insta9758 on top of a glacier! 
insta9759 helicopter to the top of a glacier in iceland! no biggie 
insta9760 happy birthday thank you for always doing everything first so i can copy you! i don't know what i would do without you! i love you! happy birthday! 
insta9761 iceland waterfall 
insta9763 my is life!!! yep we own the patent sooooo go to lumee.com to get the original! your selfies will be lit!!!! xo 
insta9764 my glam squad working hard 
insta9765 love you guys! 
insta9766 thank you hakassan for having me! thank you & for dressing me! and thank you for glamming me! 
insta9767 one of my besties came to vegas with us too! :red_heart: simon! 
insta9768 vegas this weekend was so much fun! the king of vega$ came to hang out you guys don't understand! he threw me my very 1 st princess party in 2007! 
insta9769 my heart breaks for my sweet friend rockie. i'm deeply saddened by your loss. will, you were an angel to your family on earth and you will continue to be in the life after. may god bless you! sending so many prayers to her and her family!!! may the lord surround her and her children with love and protection during this devastating time. 
insta9770 vega$ baby 
insta9771 all about our vail trip today on my app and kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9772 do you wanna build a snowman :snowman_without_snow: 
insta9773 natures beauty 
insta9774 vail 
insta9775 braids braids braids braids braids 
insta9776 praying for everyone in armenia and all around the world! :Armenia: 
insta9777 mood 
insta9778 :ghost: 
insta9779 tlop 
insta9780 ultra light beams 
insta9781 james turrell 
insta9782 cocktails with khloe vibes today! :cocktail_glass::bottle_with_popping_cork::beer_mug::tropical_drink:hair make up 
insta9783 happy birthday i miss you! 
insta9784 happy easter everyone! :rabbit_face::rabbit_face::rabbit_face: 
insta9785 good night 
insta9786 when my fave photog uses my ... get yours at lumeecase.com 
insta9787 i :red_heart: alber! 
insta9788 la love! i love when they come to my home town! 
insta9789 familia 
insta9790 i love you guys! 
insta9791 love when my boo is in town :red_heart::collision: 
insta9792 happy birthday robbie i love you so much!!! :four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::birthday_cake::birthday_cake::birthday_cake: 
insta9793 good morning 
insta9794 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta9795 throwback to my baby...i can't believe how big she is now 
insta9796 you're the sun in my morning babe 
insta9797 beautiful morning 
insta9798 happy birthday i can't even put into words how much you guys mean to me! we've literally been thru it all! i love you guys so much! 
insta9799 happy birthday to the hardest working girl i know! i am so proud of you. our travels around the world will always be some of my best memories! i love you!!!! 
insta9800 i'm on snapchat now! add me- kimkardashian :peach: 
insta9801 reading my comments like....lol 
insta9803 paris flashback bts on my app! 
insta9804 step up in this bitch like.... 
insta9805 bae's in paris 
insta9806 about last night- this was the moment right before sacha showed us the craziest scene from "the brothers grimbsy" we laughed so hard we cried! 
insta9807 filmed a fun new piece for my app! cute stories with my besties! 
insta9808 hike :herb: 
insta9809 waves :water_wave: 
insta9810 beautiful morning 
insta9811 mogul talk :key: 
insta9812 saint west 
insta9813 happy birthday dad! so much has gone on in our lives since you've been gone, and i know you have been my guardian angel seeing it all unfold! i love you and miss you so much! 
insta9814 birthdazeeee 
insta9816 so today we went baby shopping with & kanye & north were a little too quiet. we found them passed out in the middle of the store :face_with_tears_of_joy::baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9817 happy birthday to my best friend we've been around the world on so many journeys. you can make any situation fun no matter what! i couldn't imagine life without you! i love you! 
insta9818 missing nyc 
insta9819 yeezy season 3 fittings bts on my app! 
insta9820 last night at the nas & maxwell concert with :red_heart: 
insta9821 my valentine 
insta9822 dressing room diaries 
insta9823 pablo 
insta9824 ultra light beams :dizzy: 
insta9825 yeezy coat & shoes x adidas jumpsuit 
insta9826 tell my baby i'm back in town... 
insta9827 yzy szn 3 
insta9828 fittings- givenchy x yeezy x anti social social club 
insta9829 :water_wave: 
insta9830 the life of pablo 
insta9831 i'm so proud of my husband! last night was epic! a sold out madison square garden for his fashion show/listening party!!!! 
insta9832 kim2 
insta9834 step into this bitch like.... 
insta9835 ultra light beams 
insta9836 yeezy x balmain the fam all dressed in exclusive balmain for yeezy pieces! kanye flew to paris a week ago and made it happen in 5 days!!! 
insta9837 yeezy vibes 
insta9838 og's day 1 :red_heart: 
insta9839 yeezy season 3 
insta9840 thank you mr. ralph lauren for making saint this little jacket. it's so special! we will cherish it forever! 
insta9841 thank you and for the motivation!!! lol 
insta9842 super soul sunday time before super bowl sunday time with khloe & lamar 
insta9843 thank you & for the fun shoot and showing me so much about snap chat today! lol 
insta9845 sleek ponytail tutorial today on my app with 
insta9846 hello, it's me 
insta9847 tea anyone? 
insta9848 it's gonna be a long night... 
insta9849 :water_wave: 
insta9850 studio vibes 
insta9851 morning jog 
insta9852 keep up 
insta9853 to monokinis, belly rings & huge metallic bags 
insta9854 real friends 
insta9855 latex x kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9856 remember these pics? we're finally showing this photo shoot tonight on kuwtk! tune in tonight on e! 
insta9857 bts complex shoot x on my app 
insta9858 juicy couture tracksuits give me life!!!!! check out my collection on my app! 
insta9859 obsessed with these new looks in the kim kardashian hollywood game! download it in the app store! 
insta9860 happy birthday to my best friend allison. we've been through it all together & there's no one else i'd rather experience it all than with u. i can't wait to achieve our goals :money_bag::dollar_banknote: 
insta9861 you have to see the ellen show today! hilary clinton talks about how she never looked better in our perfectly lit selfie!!!! 
insta9862 selfies about to be lit! :light_bulb:today on my app i talk about the perfect selfie lighting! the secret to my selfies lumee.com 
insta9863 bts video from my sorbet mag shoot in paris on my app kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9864 real friends & no more parties in la kanyewest.com 
insta9865 strolling down robertson blvd. 
insta9866 should i? 
insta9867 she said, "he's my best friend." 
insta9868 :victory_hand_medium_skin_tone: to 2015 
insta9869 last nights vibes! 
insta9870 2016 
insta9871 happy new year!!! 
insta9872 facts 
insta9873 facts 
insta9874 swag 
insta9875 christmas eve selfie w my bestie 
insta9876 fly girls 
insta9877 my moms christmas eve party is legendary! i love creating these memories! i love my grandma mj so much. 
insta9878 christmas eve 2015. i put up tons of pics on my app! xoxo 
insta9879 merry christmas everybody! good night! 
insta9880 1986 christmas 
insta9881 christmas card 2015: all you need is love 
insta9882 if i knew then what i know now :blue_heart: 
insta9883 check out my app and read how star wars brought kanye and i together lol 
insta9884 my little ballerina 
insta9885 candy cane lane kris jenner style 
insta9886 another throwback bts of my 2007 playboy shoot. 
insta9887 at this time back in december 2007 i shot my playboy cover with hype williams. for the rest of the bts go to my app or kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9888 fave hair :person_getting_haircut_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta9889 lit 
insta9890 can't get enough: sheer turtlenecks on my app today! 
insta9891 happy birthday to the sweetest baby reign. explaining to mason that his little brother wanted to be just like him that he even took his birthday was a fun task lol i can't wait for you & saint to be bff's! 
insta9892 happy birthday mason! you were the 1st born and changed everything! i can't believe you are 6 years old! i love you more than you can ever imagine! 
insta9893 i did the most amazing make up tutorial for my app with none other than we did her classic "rock chick" look with all charlotte tilbury make up! you have to follow her & get inspired! check out our tutorial! 
insta9894 join the in kim kardashian hollywood!!! i'm so excited to have in my game!!!! come play with us!! 
insta9895 mom :red_heart: dad 
insta9896 saint west 
insta9897 ready whenever you are lol 
insta9898 waiting... 
insta9899 another black holiday limited edition of selfish is available only on my app!!! 500 signed copies! link in my bio!!!! 
insta9900 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta9901 :zipper-mouth_face: 
insta9902 to this laker game 
insta9903 :clapping_hands_medium_skin_tone: 
insta9904 so well deserved!!!! congrats babe on winning shoe of the year award! i see how hard you work and how meaningful this award is! 
insta9905 kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9906 new pics on my app! desert shoot 
insta9907 sneak peek of my desert shoot. all of the pics will be up on my app tomorrow and kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9908 37 weeks x sinus infection x flu = :anxious_face_with_sweat::thinking_face::face_with_thermometer: 
insta9909 i love this pic from kendall & kylie's graduation party! east coast let's watch keeping up with the kardashians in in a few minutes! :graduation_cap: 
insta9910 tune into keeping up with the kardashians tonight on e! 9/8 c don't miss the graduation party for kendall, kylie & i guess khloe lol 
insta9911 black friday 
insta9912 thankful 
insta9913 i'm also thankful for posh spice! 
insta9914 i'm so thankful that me & my friends were the spice girls for our high school talent show! the spice girls got me through a lot! 
insta9915 check out my latest blog on my app about my delivery anxiety! kimkardashianwest.com or on my app! 
insta9916 when you're sick in bed & going through old pics! khloe don't kill me lol this was my 18th birthday & khloe took me to a backstreet boys concert! 
insta9917 airport style x kimkardashianwest.com & my app! 
insta9918 all black everything! so excited to share the newest exclusive, limited-edition version of selfish from click fast for a signed copy (only 500 available!) today at noon et at gilt.com/selfish 
insta9919 happy birthday to one of the most generous & down to earth women i know! have the best bday today! i miss you and love you! 
insta9920 bts from brazil on my app today! kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9921 sleeping beauty 
insta9922 push present! real thing or nah??? check out cool ideas on my app and my ultimate wish list :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: 
insta9923 one of my fave looks! 
insta9924 i just like this pic because of my choker 
insta9925 my everything 
insta9926 check out my latest blog post on my app about high risk pregnancy. kimkardashianwest.com 
insta9927 hi 
insta9928 mondazeeee 
insta9930 keeping up with the kardashians is on tonight!!!! don't miss it, tune into e! at 8/9c follow for all updates! 
insta9931 this is my promo pic for season 11 of keeping up with the kardashians! (i was 5 months pregnant here.) :camera: :lipstick: :person_getting_massage_medium_skin_tone: :dress: 
insta9932 woke up this morning so excited for the season 11 premiere of keeping up with the kardashians! this is our season 1 poster! a lot has changed lol 
insta9933 found this pic of me and cami in dubai last year 
insta9935 night night :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone::baby_angel_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta9936 loved this impromptu shoot. shot by & at his house. styled by make up hair by nails by i remember miley c stopped by at the end 
insta9937 going thru tutorial pics and editing my make up and hair tutorials for my app and found this one and i did! can't wait for u guys to see it soon! 
insta9938 so grateful for all that you do for our country :United_States: 
insta9939 my angel!!!!! :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: you started modeling because this show was your dream & i am such a proud sister just knowing you never gave up & made all of your dream a reality! congrats on walking in the victoria secret fashion show! 
insta9940 new blog post up on my app all about my favorite sheer lace look! link in my bio 
insta9941 mood 
insta9942 close up glam shot :kiss_mark: 
insta9943 this choker & glam!!!!! :kiss_mark: 
insta9944 lacma look- givenchy & lorraine schwartz 
insta9946 night at the museum 
insta9947 :red_heart: thanks for a fun night! 
insta9948 my dates for lacma tonight 
insta9949 gatsby :red_heart: 
insta9950 gatsby gang 
insta9951 big shout out to el debarge, charlie wilson & david foster for getting on the mic last night! epic night! 
insta9952 this man flew in from paris for a few hours just to celebrate!!!! love you so much 
insta9953 last night last minute chaos! lip change, sewing into dress! thank you danielle & ludmilla. and of course marchesa for this gorgeous dress & lorraine schwartz beautiful earrings that were my birthday present from my baby! 
insta9954 my moms party came together exactly how we dreamed of! thank you 
insta9955 gatsby gang 
insta9956 happy 60th birthday mom! we love you! 
insta9957 gatsby girls 
insta9958 i got the best birthday card! so many birthdays this month. i need to get more & only give these out! 
insta9959 friday vibes 
insta9960 north posted this while playing games on my phone. not sure why or how she chose it but i'm not complaining! lol i deleted it so now reposting it myself! from 10 years ago 
insta9961 baby ye 
insta9962 skinny dayz 
insta9963 w.e.s.t. 
insta9964 happy 60th birthday to my best friend & mom now that i'm a mom i have realized how hard your job is & no one does it better than you! i love you so much! 
insta9965 happy birthday 
insta9966 :black_circle::white_circle: 
insta9967 girls just wanna have fun :face_blowing_a_kiss::squinting_face_with_tongue::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::money-mouth_face: 
insta9968 :birthday_cake::birthday_cake::birthday_cake::birthday_cake::birthday_cake: 
insta9969 happy birthday to my little kenny!!!! you're not a teenager anymore! i love you so much and am so proud of everything you have accomplished and the person you have become! 
insta9970 mom & dad turn up 
insta9971 beyond excited to welcome the one and only and his gorgeous f/w collection to the 
insta9972 :lady_beetle::collision::unicorn: 
insta9973 i think i nailed the kim k costume! :spider_web::ghost::spider: 
insta9974 still fits... 
insta9975 sneak peek! happy halloween! 
insta9976 happy halloween :jack-o-lantern::ghost: 
insta9977 waiting 
insta9978 calvin klein :left-right_arrow: balmain h&m. kendall jenner. pretty fucking cool. 
insta9979 elsa & anna in the house! 
insta9980 my little balmain ballerina 
insta9981 happy birthday caitlyn! are you 66 or is caitlyn 1? lol that was the debate at our bday lunch yesterday! have the best day ever filled with lots of love & laughs! you have shown me what it's truly like to live an authentic life without caring what the world would think! i love you! 
insta9982 bathroom selfie! 
insta9983 loved my glam from the instyle awards for a look for less & breakdown go to my app! http://bit.ly/1gwcic1 
insta9984 congrats to for winning make up artist of the year award at last nights instyle awards! i was so honored to present this special award to you! 
insta9985 tonight at the instyle awards wearing valentino 
insta9986 feeling extra thin with all of the super models! lol 
insta9987 the real troop beverly hills 
insta9988 beverly hills what a thrill.... 
insta9989 our troop leader 
insta9990 all my baby shower pics are up on my app & website! 
insta9991 wait!!!! i know i'm late but 50 million instagram followers!!!! seriously you don't know how much i love you!! 
insta9992 i'm sad your la trip was so short... 
insta9993 squad 
insta9994 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta9995 crew love 
insta9996 :face_with_crossed-out_eyes::confounded_face::kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta9997 sister crew 
insta9998 :red_heart: 
insta9999 birthday boy!!!! love celebrating with you!! 
insta10000 on our way to birthday party!!!!! 
insta10001 sorry sorry real last one. i just love this pic of us pulling inside of at&t park in san fran & i was blind folded, with an orchestra playing & i had no idea what was about to happen!!! :ring: 
insta10002 last one i promise! just looking through my app & seeing all of these pics brings back the best memories! 
insta10003 best surprise ever! :ring::baseball: 
insta10004 thank you for capturing these special moments for us! to our engagement! 
insta10005 :ring: 
insta10006 to 2 years ago when i got engaged! :ring: all of the pics are up on my app! 
insta10007 my husband never ceases the amaze me! he rented out the entire movie theater to screen the new steve jobs (it's sooooo good btw) and had all of my family & close friends come dressed up as their best pregnant kim look (fake baby bumps provided on arrival!) not sure if that was to make me feel less huge or just a fun cool theme but i loved it & had the best time ever, feeling so very comfortable eating churros with a bunch of pregnant women! just what i needed, the perfect chill yummy food birthday!!!! 
insta10008 getting ready for the cfda vogue fashion fund fashion show earlier today, that kanye & i are co-hosting! 
insta10009 i remember this halloween costume from a few years ago. what are you guys going to be? i love all of the costumes in kim kardashian hollywood game! 
insta10010 :jack-o-lantern::women_holding_hands::jack-o-lantern: 
insta10011 i have faith in you. i believe in the power of prayer and positive energy! thank you all for your prayers! lammy- i'm so happy kendall & i could make you smile today! god is good! 
insta10012 halloween is soon! what are you going to be? there's a new update and you will see what i'm going to be this year! 
insta10013 me + 1 
insta10014 where's kendall when i need her...:loudly_crying_face: 
insta10015 moms! 
insta10016 girls night out! 
insta10017 happy 50th birthday 
insta10018 :face_with_tongue: 
insta10019 so excited is making exclusive sketches for kimkardashianwest.com and my app! love these pregnancy looks!!! 
insta10020 i love these sketches thank you! 
insta10022 special delivery 
insta10023 san fran with serena :kiss_mark: 
insta10024 cosmopolitan 
insta10025 boo'd up in balmain 
insta10026 :grinning_squinting_face::squinting_face_with_tongue::face_savoring_food::face_blowing_a_kiss::grimacing_face: 
insta10027 :red_heart: 
insta10028 good night :dizzy: 
insta10029 chillin with cait 
insta10030 paris fashion week flashback. 
insta10031 thank you for this amazing cover shoot!!!! 
insta10032 happy 50th birthday so excited to be on the november cover with my family!!!! :camera: 
insta10033 like mother like daughter.....i found tons of these pics & did a post on my app 
insta10034 midnight secret make up sessions during nyfw with testing out her new shadow gold001 on patmcgrath.com! for more bts of this epic night go to my app! 
insta10035 happy birthday to one of my closest friends & decade long make up artist weren't we skinny here? lol (this was just a year & a half ago!) mario- you have created my signature glam look & my love for make up is inspired by you! you taught me every make up trick i know! i'm so grateful you are in my life! can't wait to celebrate soon! 
insta10036 who saw today? well this is right before i went on...northie & ellen brushing my little pony's hair lol 
insta10037 don't miss me on today! always a good laugh and of course some good selfies with perfect lighting! 
insta10038 craving cheetos 
insta10039 bts x sorbet mag on my app now! 
insta10040 recreate this make up look x balmain campaign x breakdown on my app! 
insta10041 backstage at the bowl 
insta10042 6am 
insta10043 love this pic of & i on set in paris shooting for 
insta10044 for all of the pics from sorbet mag go to kimkardashianwest.com or my app! 
insta10045 glam rock 
insta10046 glam on point for make up by hair by sebastian :camera: styled in 
insta10047 love 
insta10048 riccardo x kim x sorbet mag 
insta10050 missing 1 
insta10051 2 
insta10052 3 
insta10053 4 
insta10054 zoe kravitz x kanye x hollywood bowl x 808's & heartbreaks 
insta10055 pinnochio story 
insta10056 amazing 
insta10057 coldest winter 
insta10058 808's & :broken_heart:'s x hollywood bowl 
insta10059 working with the legend for the 1st time! all of the bts on kimkardashianwest.com & my app! 
insta10060 bts with the best glam team & bff's a girl could ask for!!! 
insta10061 we shot this in paris almost a year ago :camera: juergen teller. all bts on my app! 
insta10062 :camera: juergen teller for system magazine 
insta10063 bts :camera: juergen teller 
insta10064 i realized i never posted this shoot kanye & i did with juergen teller for system magazine. i love how raw this is and posted all of the bts on kimkardashianwest.com 
insta10065 shot this for kimkardashianwest.com when i was 3 months pregnant :camera: 
insta10066 :shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice: :camera: :person_getting_massage_medium_skin_tone: :lipstick: :high-heeled_shoe: :shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice::shaved_ice: 
insta10067 love this shoot i did with for my app & website :sweat_droplets: 
insta10068 san diego sunsets with the fam 
insta10069 road trippin' 
insta10070 yeezy e 
insta10071 testing out snap chat! the video is on my app! and nooooo i still don't have a snap chat. just testing is out :two_hearts::revolving_hearts::beating_heart: 
insta10072 glam bts x kimkardashianwest.com 
insta10073 givenchy bts x kimkardashianwest.com 
insta10074 givenchy fitting bts on my app/website. link in my bio- http://bit.ly/1kwotc6 
insta10075 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10076 paris is always a good idea... 
insta10077 in honor of birthday today i'm going to post a few throwbacks of her birthday party last year! 
insta10078 happy birthday to the woman with the best style and an even bigger heart truly the sweetest person i know! :birthday_cake::party_popper::balloon: 
insta10079 in the spirit of fashion week please welcome to the kim kardashian hollywood game! 
insta10080 me and my boys :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10081 :camera::bomb: 
insta10082 love this sleek black look 
insta10083 squad 
insta10084 :light_bulb:strobing tutorial up on my app or kimkardashianwest.com :light_bulb: 
insta10085 loved running into jean- paul goude in new york. i hadn't seen him since we shot our paper cover! he's really the best! 
insta10086 wearing yeezy season2 leggings, bodysuit, coat and heels! north matching mommy in custom baby yeezy 
insta10087 check out kimkardashianwest.com to see a full write up on the creative direction and bts from kanye's yeezy season 2 show! 
insta10088 squad 
insta10089 :camera: our own personal backstage photog 
insta10090 yeezy season2 
insta10091 thank you apple for helping us launch our new apps!!! 
insta10092 happy birthday to my second half! life without you wouldn't be complete! i love you 
insta10093 :Sagittarius: love 
insta10094 girls girls girls girls :camera: 
insta10095 lots of love tonight 
insta10096 repost "the real family dinner" 
insta10097 just in time for 
insta10098 so proud to announce kimkardashianwest.com is now live! i've worked for over a year on creating so much original content for you guys! shout out to matt williams for this sick shoot & video we did just for the site and app! go now and check it out! link in bio to the app store :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10099 puss 'n boots 
insta10100 this is probably my favorite pic of us !!!! happy birthday 
insta10101 happy birthday to the most beautiful soul i have some of the best memories with you that will last forever! you are just the most genuine person! i love you!!! 
insta10102 mood 
insta10103 givenchy glam :lipstick: :person_getting_massage_medium_skin_tone: 
insta10104 givenchy head to toe! 
insta10105 one of the best shows i've ever seen! 
insta10106 great show x great friends 
insta10107 :red_heart: 
insta10108 mood... 
insta10109 sneak peek- yeezy season2 :fire: 
insta10110 tonight- givenchy x yeezy 
insta10111 casual stroll with the princess :purple_heart: 
insta10112 kim & kendall take new york 
insta10113 sipping & spilling the tea tonight with serena :hot_beverage::frog: 
insta10114 last night's vibes- haider ackermann x valentino :ring::top_hat: 
insta10115 what a beautiful wedding! last photo before we checked in our phones. :red_heart: to mr. & mrs. steve stoute 
insta10116 complex shoot 2009 love this shoot so much had to post about it twice this week 
insta10117 complex 2009 (i was on one cover side & kanye on the other side) 
insta10118 last selfie for the night. thanks again for the instalove 
insta10119 besitos everyone!!!!! 
insta10120 45 million instagram followers!!!!! i love you guys!!!!! 
insta10121 september issue of face timing with 
insta10122 kissey face for 
insta10123 september selfie cover of 
insta10124 vma's glam- thank you for my gorgeous glam tonight! 
insta10125 vma's 2015! thank you & for my dress! 
insta10126 vma's 2015 
insta10127 i guess you saw the attention my last post received. the fda has told duchesnay, inc., that my last post about diclegis (doxylamine succinate and pyridoxine hcl) was incomplete because it did not include any risk information or important limitations of use for diclegis. a link to this information accompanied the post, but this didn’t meet fda requirements. so, i’m re-posting and sharing this important information about diclegis. for us residents only. diclegis is a prescription medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting of pregnancy in women who have not improved with change in diet or other non-medicine treatments. limitation of use: diclegis has not been studied in women with hyperemesis gravidarum. important safety information do not take diclegis if you are allergic to doxylamine succinate, other ethanolamine derivative antihistamines, pyridoxine hydrochloride or any of the ingredients in diclegis. you should also not take diclegis in combination with medicines called monoamine oxidase inhibitors (maois), as these medicines can intensify and prolong the adverse cns effects of diclegis. the most common side effect of diclegis is drowsiness. do not drive, operate heavy machinery, or other activities that need your full attention unless your healthcare provider says that you may do so. do not drink alcohol, or take other central nervous system depressants such as cough and cold medicines, certain pain medicines, and medicines that help you sleep while you take diclegis. severe drowsiness can happen or become worse causing falls or accidents. tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions, including if you are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. diclegis can pass into your breast milk and may harm your baby. you should not breastfeed while using diclegis. additional safety information can be found at www.diclegisimportantsafetyinfo.com or www.diclegis.com. duchesnay usa encourages you to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the fda. visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-fda-1088. 
insta10128 i miss short hair 
insta10129 kisses from st. barth's 
insta10130 st. barth's selfie 
insta10131 :thought_balloon: 
insta10132 shot this in a california desert with one of my faves 
insta10133 i.c.u. 
insta10134 love this new cover for happy 10year anniversary! photographer -hair - makeup 
insta10135 she had a heart of diamonds. dame elizabeth completed the word beauty. the elizabeth taylor foundation has raised millions for aids! "for we are all temporary custodians of beauty," her jewelry were not her only trophies. elizabeth taylor is my who is your tag me and for your nomination to be celebrated in the next issue of 
insta10136 rager!!!! :party_popper::balloon::confetti_ball::birthday_cake: 
insta10137 my :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta10138 twinning :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta10139 k2 
insta10140 happy birthday jaaaaaaaames!!!! 
insta10141 :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta10142 pregnancy lips :kiss_mark: 
insta10143 morning hike last week in st. barth's with my mamma 
insta10144 nobu nights 
insta10145 la scala lunch 
insta10146 i love it when my carlita is in town 
insta10147 rp: good music, good times! 
insta10148 :musical_notes:1 good girl is worth 1000 b*tches :musical_notes: 
insta10149 :musical_notes: damn they don't make 'em like this anymore :musical_notes: 
insta10150 yeezus 
insta10151 fyf x bff 
insta10152 yeezysupply.com is unlocked! limited stock is now available. free pairs of yeezy boosts will also be given away - so sign up to win! 
insta10153 mason & i spent the day with this beautiful soul, anissa! thank you make-a-wish for this special day! 
insta10154 my view 
insta10155 shhhhh were in st. barth's 
insta10156 bored selfie on the boat because i can't jet pack or jet ski :sparkles: 
insta10157 ky x kiki :purple_heart: 
insta10158 good morning :sun::water_wave: 
insta10159 little mermaids :trident_emblem::spiral_shell: 
insta10160 mermaids are real :trident_emblem: 
insta10161 :cloud::blue_heart: heavenly :cloud::blue_heart: 
insta10162 lunch for 3 
insta10163 :red_heart: too many laughs today!!! :kiss_mark: *but very serious faces for the gram* 
insta10164 working with was a dream come true! 
insta10165 details 
insta10166 happy birthday beautiful 
insta10167 violet files x cleopatra x pat mcgrath 
insta10168 kimxpat 
insta10169 i loved working with for the 1st time. her idea of recreating a modern day cleopatra was fascinating to be a part of for 
insta10170 so excited to share my collaboration with and for on launching tomorrow! 
insta10171 first they said i'm too skinny so i have to be faking it...now they say i'm too big so i have to be faking it...smh! some days i'm photographed before i eat & look smaller, some days i've just eaten & i look bigger. it's all a part of the process. i think you all know me well enough to know i would document the process if i got a surrogate. everyone's body is different, every pregnancy is very different! i've learned to love my body at every stage! i'm going to get even bigger & that's beautiful too! i'm blessed to even be pregnant & even luckier to not have preeclampsia as far as i know, so i don't have the swelling issue this time! they also say your body carries a boy different than a girl! whatever the case may be i'm grateful to god for this miracle & no matter what rumors or comments you throw my way this time they truly don't affect me! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10172 foreva eva 
insta10173 happy birthday to my fierce baby sister it's crazy to think that the baby of the family is an adult! you have always known exactly what u wanted and gone for it! i so admire that! i love you so much! 
insta10174 side chicks be like.....part2 
insta10175 i'm like "hey, what's up, hello" 
insta10176 trap queens 
insta10177 bad bitch contest you're in 1st place 
insta10178 banger sisters 
insta10179 the parent trap 
insta10180 happy birthday ky!!! we :red_heart: u!!! 
insta10181 the great cait 
insta10182 sister squad 
insta10183 i got my selfie!!! i really loved hearing her speak & hearing her goals for our country! 
insta10184 excited to be meeting our next president tonight!! maybe she'll take a selfie with me! 
insta10185 baby balmain!!! thank you so much & for making north these one of a kind jackets!!! i'm so honored that northie is your little muse! can't wait for her to wear them!!! 
insta10186 worth every bite! 
insta10187 he's forcing me to get beignets again!!!!!!! 
insta10188 happy birthday i'm so thankful to spend your 21st birthday with you here in new orleans! you have always been so real & supportive! your tweets light up my day!!! love you forever doll! 
insta10189 bff's takes new orleans 
insta10190 of course had to see :performing_arts::joker: 
insta10191 new orleans nights 
insta10192 beignets all day.... round 1 
insta10193 :woman_medium_skin_tone::woman_medium-light_skin_tone::woman_light_skin_tone: 
insta10194 airplane selfie :airplane::camera: 
insta10195 kim x kylie 
insta10196 kim x kendall 
insta10197 happy birthday you always put your family & friends first which is so admirable! missing you on your bday! love you so much!!!!! 
insta10198 last pic of my baller baby! she's doing so good i'm just so proud! :soccer_ball::soccer_ball::soccer_ball: 
insta10199 :soccer_ball::soccer_ball::soccer_ball: 
insta10200 officially a soccer mom! :soccer_ball::soccer_ball::soccer_ball: 
insta10201 selfish 
insta10202 to my blonde hair & my waist trainer i don't know what i miss more! lol 
insta10203 when i'm missing australia & khloe's big trip, i meet up with my favorite aussie girl in la! :koala: 
insta10204 on set yesterday... 
insta10205 i love my cover :camera: it started to pouring rain so we got these shots quickly outside in the rain! 
insta10206 good night baby 
insta10207 how good does look in her shoot!!! damn!!! :red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::kiss_mark::tongue::sweat_droplets::bomb::hundred_points::check_mark::trophy: i'm obsessed with this shoot! hard work pays off! khloe was always so hesitant about doing a sexy shoot just out of fear but she conquered her fears & went for it!!! i'm so proud of her!!! 
insta10208 happy birthday grandma!!!!! i have so many memories with you & papa growing up! you've been such a good example for us & i'm so lucky to have you in my life! 
insta10209 damn!!!!! how hot does look!!!!! she will forever be my idol!!!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::tongue::sweat_droplets: 
insta10210 thank you so much to everyone who came out to yesterday! i hope you learned some amazing make up tricks from & i! 
insta10211 showtime..... 
insta10212 another good throw back of & i! these pics are almost 10 years old :crying_face: lol 
insta10213 good morning! getting ready for with & found this old pic of us! can't wait to see you all there! 
insta10214 iii 
insta10215 set life 
insta10216 we fight all day on set but we love each other! who is ready for our master class tomorrow? 
insta10217 sneak peak! shooting promos today for e! 
insta10219 lol :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10220 my love :red_heart: 
insta10221 my family :family_man_woman_girl: 
insta10222 lol at north sneaking m&m's between takes! 
insta10223 i love having my grandma here to celebrate these moments! my daughter is so lucky to have her great grand mother here!!! 
insta10224 4 generations!!!! 
insta10225 :mouth::graduation_cap: :mouth::graduation_cap: :mouth::graduation_cap: 
insta10226 i know you graduated last year but so proud of you!!!! class of 2014 :graduation_cap: 
insta10227 :mouth::mouth: 
insta10228 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta10229 thanks for hosting kendall & kylie's graduation ceremony! :graduation_cap::graduation_cap::graduation_cap: 
insta10230 woot woot! :graduation_cap::party_popper::graduation_cap: 
insta10231 graduating class of 2014 & 2015! :graduation_cap: congrats & for graduating high school! 
insta10232 i’m so excited my bff finally joined the 
insta10233 late night photo shoot with :camera: 
insta10234 all day 
insta10235 :camera::bomb: 
insta10236 bts :eyes: 
insta10237 jenke & i met with one of my favorite designers yesterday in paris!!!! thank you for the fun day! can't wait for these looks!!! :woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone::France::red_heart: 
insta10238 caption this... 
insta10239 chillin 
insta10240 sips tea :hot_beverage: 
insta10241 tying my shoes in the bhh lobby 
insta10242 running through the halls at the bhh 
insta10243 pj's 
insta10244 camera shy lol 
insta10245 i just landed back from armenia,pregnant & jetlagged so literally was trying to nap as they were shooting 
insta10247 theo wenner gave me no direction & just wanted to capture me being me! 
insta10248 we shot this shoot at my fave hotel the beverly hills hotel! pajamas and 
insta10249 this has to be my favorite shoot i've done! thank you & theo wenner for these amazing pics! 
insta10250 patiently waiting :France: 
insta10251 only in paris a short time but who else will eat all of my favorite foods with me then have pregnancy wardrobe fittings!!!! of course!!!!! 
insta10252 10 minute glam session this day! we shot a tutorial for my website to show u fun tricks to get ready in a hurry! 
insta10253 before... 
insta10254 heading to san fran for the horowitz's ceo bbq! 
insta10255 hey dolls! get glammed by and then join me at a special event this weekend in the see you there! http://smarturl.it/getkkh 
insta10256 squad 
insta10257 vogue spain cover! we did this whole shoot without make up! can't wait for you to see it! :camera: theo wenner 
insta10258 shooting my cover 
insta10259 happy birthday to the one and only, my cousin i don't know what we would do without you! you always guide us to follow our heart & make the best decisions! i love you so much!!! 
insta10260 clique :check_mark: 
insta10261 tonight's look- proenza schouler skirt, margiela blazer, tom ford heels 
insta10262 date night with at our fave spot craig's! 
insta10263 my cutie!!!! 
insta10264 i'm really so proud of our kardashian beauty hair products!!! i use them everyday & my fave is the dry shampoo! 
insta10265 :smirking_face: 
insta10266 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10267 :face_with_tongue: 
insta10268 :confounded_face: 
insta10269 :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta10270 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10271 :face_savoring_food: 
insta10272 :neutral_face: 
insta10273 :sparkles: :eggplant: magic mike with :sparkles::eggplant: 
insta10274 2008 
insta10275 omg how amazing is my wax figure!!! it's perfection! thank you & for making my fave dress! i can't wait until i can fit into the same dress & go take a selfie with my wax figure!!!! so cool you can actually take a selfie with her!!! 
insta10276 these love bugs! 
insta10277 these wild ladies always help each other when they have boo boo's! 
insta10278 happy birthday p! i know your bday was yesterday but we were celebrating all day! thanks for being the best big cousin north always looks up to! i love you! 
insta10279 oh and loved my glam today! thanks 
insta10280 :money_with_wings::credit_card::electric_plug::bathtub::snake::tongue::face_with_medical_mask::kitchen_knife::camera::hundred_points::ATM_sign::pill::water_pistol::cigarette::bomb::crystal_ball: 
insta10281 tuesday tea :eyes::hot_beverage: 
insta10282 all white everything...well not everything! :tongue: 
insta10283 sisters :soft_ice_cream::lollipop::grapes::watermelon: 
insta10284 happy birthday gorgeous!!!! i love you madly :fire::hundred_points::red_heart::lipstick::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::party_popper::sweat_droplets::birthday_cake::wine_glass::balloon: 
insta10285 missing my birthday boo happy birthday to the realist person i know!!!!! i know your bday was yesterday but found this pic and has to post! 
insta10287 :red_heart::collision::fire::high_voltage::Statue_of_Liberty::United_States::key::red_heart: 
insta10288 :collision::red_heart::collision: 
insta10289 i love my family! 
insta10290 a little blurry, wasn't ready for the pic yet, fixing my shirt but it's the only pic we got with & so i had to post it!!!! 
insta10291 friends for life! love our tradition of spending 4th of july on boat & celebrating birthday! 
insta10292 bff's take nyc! & i are so grateful our kids are bff's! 
insta10293 happy 4th of july!!! :United_States::collision::party_popper: 
insta10294 happy 4th of july! 
insta10295 we compromised 
insta10296 the struggle is real! we cannot go out of the house like this!!! lol 
insta10297 met 
insta10298 met 
insta10299 airplane bathroom selfie :airplane::toilet::camera: 
insta10300 i loved speaking at the commonwealth club innovation lab in san francisco the other day with judge ladoris cordell‎ 
insta10301 :hundred_points: 
insta10302 cover of rolling stone!!!! :fire::collision: :camera: :lipstick: :person_getting_massage_medium_skin_tone: 
insta10303 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10304 :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta10305 san fran glam 
insta10306 loved my glam a few days ago in london! make up hair balenciaga cost, kardashian kollection dress, manolo heels 
insta10307 4 months :baby_medium_skin_tone::baby_bottle: 
insta10308 london vibes! i love my uk glam team i'm wearing a vintage tshirt, chloe skirt, manolo heels & some of kanye's belts 
insta10309 just received this pic from my brothers bff from their 10 year high school reunion. it's a letter rob wrote to himself back in high school. i wonder what it says. rob can't remember either lol we're dying to read it together. i remember writing a letter like this before i graduated & projected where i would be in 10 yrs! i never went to see what it says! lol 20yr? 
insta10310 glastonbury with these beauties 
insta10311 after party vibes 
insta10312 sneaky pic from on stage! 
insta10313 goat 
insta10314 glastonbury :United_Kingdom: 
insta10315 glastonbury 2015 :United_Kingdom:! craziest show ever!!!!! 
insta10316 perfect shoes for glastonbury! lol (have my wellies in the car don't worry) 
insta10317 ready.... :camera::collision: 
insta10318 glastonbury here we come... 
insta10319 my loko koko!!! happy birthday to the best sister in the world! i love you so much!!!! words can't even describe how beautiful your soul is! 
insta10320 girl time in cannes last night 
insta10321 balmain vibes in cannes 
insta10322 my view 
insta10323 bae 
insta10324 swag 
insta10325 cannes clique 
insta10326 so happy i ran back inside to grab these! lifesaver on these long flights! most comfy shoes in the world! yeezy boosts 350 
insta10327 precious moments like this when we were traveling on tour with you are what i live for. you're such a good daddy to north & you will be the best daddy to our new son too! :family_man_woman_girl_boy: 
insta10328 i'm so lucky to be married to a man who is so in love with his daughter, your bond is so irreplaceable! thank you for being such a good dad! we love and appreciate you so much! we're so blessed to have you! 
insta10329 my 1st day of school my daddy was there in his fila track suit 
insta10330 happy fathers day to the best dad in the world! it's been over a decade since you've been gone but the memories run so deep they will last forever! happy father's day to all of the amazing dads out there! 
insta10331 we went for an all natural look :face_with_tears_of_joy::squinting_face_with_tongue::flushed_face::winking_face_with_tongue::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta10332 shot a new make up tutorial for my website with ~coming this summer~ 
insta10333 can't believe it's been a year since we launched the thanks for playing dolls - you're the best! 
insta10334 :cross_mark::hollow_red_circle: 
insta10335 my baby was ready to go home.... 
insta10336 happy cake northie! :keycap_2: 
insta10337 :snowflake::snowman_without_snow: do you wanna build a snowman? :snowman_without_snow::snowflake: 
insta10338 kiki & kenny take disneyland 
insta10339 :ribbon::balloon:30 years later & now celebrating our kids parties! :party_popper::ribbon: 
insta10340 happy birthday to my sweetest minnie mouse! thank you disneyland for the most amazing day! i will post more pics later today was a busy day! 
insta10341 :baby_angel_medium_skin_tone: 
insta10342 :family_man_woman_girl: 
insta10343 sleeping beauty 
insta10344 baptizing north in jerusalem in an armenian church with our new baby in my belly was so special 
insta10345 i don't remember posting these pics of us in jerusalem. this was where mary took jesus to wash him off after he died on the cross 
insta10346 thank you to all of my cousins, aunts & uncle who came out to the armenian bar association event last night! kourtni, kourtney, kara & i! 
insta10347 thank you to the armenian bar association for honoring my father last night! 
insta10348 today's vibes 
insta10349 my last dominican republic post 
insta10350 another dominican moment! 
insta10351 dominican republic 2012 
insta10352 "no daddy's it's me necklace" 
insta10353 :red_heart: & :basketball: 
insta10354 :red_heart: 
insta10355 :red_heart: 
insta10356 :red_heart: 
insta10357 surprise! 
insta10358 thank you staples center for the most amazing birthday party for kanye! 
insta10359 west vs east 
insta10360 "happy cake daddy"- north 
insta10361 happy birthday to my best friend in the entire world! you are the most amazing husband & dad! you inspire me every single day! you make all of your dreams reality & it's fascinating to be by your side & watching it all happen! you have a heart of gold! have the best birthday ever! 
insta10362 one of my favorite givenchy looks! 
insta10363 love this balmain look in kim kardashian hollywood game! 
insta10364 i love my blonde character in kim kardashian hollywood! i'm playing now who's playing with me? 
insta10365 thank you nashville for all of the love! and for bringing me out here! 
insta10366 shout out to pharrell & helen who saved my life last night! lol after the awards at dinner the feathers of my dress caught on fire from a candle & they jumped on me to get it out! 
insta10367 so proud of you for winning the media award last night at the it was an honor to present it to you! 
insta10368 date night! 
insta10369 i seriously can't thank you enough for this amazing dress!!!! designed by jack & lazaro styled by jenke ahmed tailly hair by make up by 
insta10370 heading to the tonight 
insta10371 caitlyn jenner for vanity fair :camera: annie leibovitz! how beautiful! be happy, be proud, live life your way! 
insta10372 the interview for my glamour cover is so me! i love that alex morris captured my personality so well! was so honored to work with :camera: patrick demarchelier. hair by oribe & make up by james kaliardos 
insta10373 glamour july 2015 cover :camera: patrick demarchelier 
insta10374 i did a shoot yesterday and worked with one of my fave make up artists jeanine lobell & it reminded me of this shoot we did for glamour about 5 years ago! i remember kanye came to watch this shoot ! :red_heart: 
insta10375 wet 
insta10376 love this inside shot from we shot this in malibu :camera: 
insta10377 :red_heart: 
insta10378 missing brasil 
insta10379 :Brazil: 
insta10380 new photo shoot alert!!!! getting content ready for the new website!!! launching this summer!!!! loved working with :camera: 
insta10382 ballet in balmain 
insta10383 i love coming home to givenchy surprises!!!! thank you & i love you!!! 
insta10384 lolz 
insta10385 had to capture my blonde moment for :camera: :person_getting_haircut_medium_skin_tone: 
insta10386 vogue brazil :camera: :person_getting_haircut_medium_skin_tone: 
insta10387 happy birthday so many years, so many memories! so happy to have you as a brother and friend! i love you!!!!! 
insta10388 :tongue::kiss_mark::winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10389 love 
insta10390 sexy 
insta10391 forever 
insta10392 i love this man so much! happy anniversary baby! 
insta10393 then we danced all night in the rain 
insta10394 fairytale 
insta10395 kisses 
insta10396 carriage ride at versailles 
insta10397 bae in paris :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10398 lana :red_heart: 
insta10399 i'm feelin' our margiela looks 
insta10400 welcoming speech! 
insta10401 happy :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10402 memories from versailles 
insta10403 seriously! 
insta10404 mingling 
insta10405 stepping into versailles both in margiela 
insta10406 pulling up to versailles a year ago 
insta10407 group shot! 
insta10408 :green_heart: 
insta10409 the day before our wedding and threw us the most amazing brunch to celebrate & we are forever grateful for these memories! this was the best week of my life! 
insta10410 no big deal! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10411 just a little stroll thru valentino's garden 
insta10412 diamonds & pearls 
insta10413 details... 
insta10414 this is one of my favorite dresses ever!!!! this dress i have in my closet & it makes me happy every time i see it! loved these heels 
insta10415 best paris memories from last year 
insta10416 paris bachelorette vibes! 
insta10417 i will never forgets last year at my bachelorette dinner all of the speeches from all of my best friends that came to paris to celebrate! i love you all so much! 
insta10418 my little butterfly 
insta10419 thank you for so many laughs! you will be greatly missed 
insta10421 couldn’t be more excited to present the media award to instagram's founder systrom at the 2015 on june 1st! 
insta10422 kanye x billboard music awards :camera: 
insta10423 bubbles & minnie mouse kinda day! 
insta10424 minnie mouse :ribbon: 
insta10425 face painting at the farm today! 
insta10426 yeezus!!!!!! 
insta10427 twins 
insta10428 :airplane: san francisco in my fave dress 
insta10429 bye brazil! thanks for the quick 24hour trip! 
insta10430 dr. kanye west!!!!!!! i'm so proud of you baby & i know your mom would be so proud too!!!! :graduation_cap: 
insta10431 getting ready for the launch of my new collection for c&a! 
insta10432 so i get to a restaurant in são paulo & my husband had a string quartet waiting playing sam smith!!!!! every single waiter who brought food said "this is from mr. west for the best mother in the world"! seriously i have the best husband ever!!!! 
insta10433 i got to my room in brazil and my amazing thoughtful husband had the sweetest note with a couple thousand roses covering my entire suite for mothers day! i'm so sad i'm so far away on this day but happy we celebrated yesterday! i love you baby & north soooo much!!! 
insta10434 :kiss_mark: 
insta10435 i feel so blessed that my daughter gets to grow up knowing my amazing beautiful grand mother. life is all about memories so take lots of pics and cherish all of the good memories! 
insta10436 everything i am i owe it all to you mom! everything i will teach my daughter you taught me first! thank you mom for being there for me & loving me unconditionally! i love you so much!! 
insta10437 happy mother's day to all of the beautiful mothers out there! 
insta10438 brazil...here we come!!!!!!! 
insta10439 & i on set at an e! shoot 
insta10440 and i!!!! 
insta10441 i remember this from thailand 
insta10442 photo booth fun with about 5 years ago, the 1st time i dyed my hair blond 
insta10443 & i doing press one morning 
insta10444 i love my sibling selfies! i have tons in selfish! i will post a few today! this was & i clubbing in la! 
insta10445 thanks to everyone who came out to support my la book signing of selfish! 
insta10446 on my way to a book signing la!!! love this sketch from 
insta10447 to when i was living at my moms last year & would waist train with my fave & steal clothes from closet! lol 
insta10448 so excited to be on australia’s next top model tonight on fox8!! 
insta10449 best dressed list!!!! thank you so much vogue for this honor! 
insta10450 my fave made the most beautiful sketch of kanye & i last night at the met! 
insta10451 my book selfish comes out today! i signed some copies this morning! i'm heading to barnes & noble now for a book signing! see you there! 
insta10452 thank you so much to everyone who made this look happen last night! of course & for making me your 1st gown! what an honor! & for jewelry. glam squad- peter savic for hair & kanye wore cavalli as well! 
insta10453 with my idol :camera: by kanye 
insta10454 met x kanye x 
insta10455 i just love this girl :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10456 this beauty, this icon! i'm so so happy i met her!!!! we spoke about our amazing armenian journeys! and that bob mackie gown she wore to the met 1974 
insta10457 met gala with and cher!!!! 
insta10458 met gala 2015 thank you for this gorgeous gown!!! 
insta10459 tonight's inspiration! cher at the 1st ever met gala! i just met her and told her this photo was my inspiration for my dress tonight! she is so beautiful! so happy i met her! 
insta10460 my 1st met!!! 
insta10461 us last year 
insta10462 kendall and i last year at the met 
insta10463 last year getting ready for the met gala, i just started getting ready! glam team on fleek! 
insta10464 who's ready?!?!?! 
insta10465 don't think i didn't put lots of sexy pics in my new book 
insta10466 fight night! 
insta10467 love being in nyc! looking thru my new book selfish and loving this pic of mason & i back in 2010 
insta10468 do you guys remember this blue eyeshadow emmy look from 2009? 
insta10469 i sooooo remember this day i was shooting my carl's jr campaign & of course had to capture the moment 
insta10470 i remember i just dyed my hair blonde and did a photo shoot with nick saglimbeni to remember this hair. it's one of my favorite shoots! came home and took some selfies 
insta10471 i always loved taking pics at photo shoots. i remember this was at our kardashian tanning shoot in malibu 2012 
insta10472 bff selfie in 2011 
insta10473 here's a really old selfie of and i in 2009 
insta10474 since today i'm posting bff selfies from my book i had to post this pic of my lifelong bff allison. i put her on blast a while ago posting her ig name but she really doesn't want to be in the mix so i'm not going to post too much about her lol but she's of course in my book! 
insta10475 and this pic in 2010 i remember the outfit it was around my bday in nyc w i can always see a pic & be reminded of exactly what i was doing 
insta10476 if i can remember correctly this pic of and i was from 2007 
insta10477 you too remember this coral herve dress for the miami dash opening in 2009 
insta10478 over the years i took sooooo many selfies with my friends! might kill me for including this one in my book but i love capturing the memories! 
insta10479 here's a bedtime selfie from my book selfish. it must really be a show off my ring selfie bc i still have all of my make up on! 
insta10480 it was so hard going thru thousands of selfies for my new book selfish & picking the ones i thought you guys would love the most! all week i'm going to be posting tons of selfies from my book! i have a collection of selfies for over a decade! here's one of kourtney & i years ago! 
insta10481 blonde hair don't care! 
insta10482 found these papers of me writing all of the captions and content for my new book selfish! 
insta10483 airport vibes- vetements sweatshirt, j brand jeans, tom ford boots 
insta10484 :COOL_button: 
insta10485 saturday nights :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10486 it might not always be easy but we support you no matter what! your honesty has opened the doors for others to be courageous and live an authentic life! 
insta10487 love is the courage to live the truest, best version of yourself. bruce is love. i love you bruce. 
insta10488 thank you for the best wedding present! a custom bag by olympia le tan 
insta10489 today marks the 100 year anniversary of armenian genocide! i am proud to now say i have been to armenia. i have seen the memorials and the people who survived and i am so proud of how strong the armenian people are! i am saddened that still 100 years later not everyone has recognized that 1.5 million people were murdered. but proud of the fact that i see change and am happy many people have started to recognize this genocide! we won't give up, we will be recognized by all soon! :diamond_suit::large_blue_diamond::large_orange_diamond: 
insta10490 last night right before i fell asleep with all of my make up on grrrrrr 
insta10491 last week in armenia! footsie with daddy! 
insta10492 in honor of earth day here is my best plant selfie from my new book coming out may 5th! :leaf_fluttering_in_wind::herb: 
insta10493 reunited and it feels so good 
insta10494 dinner at the polo bar with :horse_racing_light_skin_tone: 
insta10495 i met this beauty last night! 
insta10497 glam team props! wardrobe styling by jenke. dress make up hair 
insta10498 so honored and proud that my husband and i are both on this years time 100 list! was a great event last night! 
insta10499 love this shot from the back 
insta10500 last night at the time 100 gala wearing sophie theallet and kanye in haider ackerman 
insta10501 about last night 
insta10502 oh just a few time 100ers kimye x x hosain rahman 
insta10503 craziest performance ever tonight at the time 100 gala 
insta10504 kiki + koko 
insta10505 kourtney & i with our dad! 
insta10506 going thru pics and gonna post a few of kourtney & i in honor of her birthday! 
insta10507 happy birthday to my big sister you were always there for me to copy everything you did when we were kids and now you are there to teach me everything as an adult! you are the best mom and i'm so happy our kids get to grow up together as if they are siblings! i learn so much from you everyday! i love you and i'm so proud you are my sister! don't know what i would do without you! 
insta10508 it's time! 
insta10509 getting my touch ups for the launch party in paris yesterday! 
insta10510 thank you to everyone who came out to support the launch of in paris today!!!! i loved seeing you guys! :France::person_getting_massage: 
insta10511 bye jerusalem 
insta10512 :church: 
insta10513 good morning jerusalem! we woke up really early to see the site where the crucifixion of jesus christ took place 
insta10514 thank you to everyone who came out last night to see kanye perform! i've learned on this trip how many talented armenian musicians we have! what an incredible night!!!! going to miss it here!!! :red_heart::blue_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta10515 what a crazy night! kanye wakes me up & says he's doing a free concert in yerevan, armenia! i throw on sweats & we head out! thousands of people were there! kanye jumped in swan lake to be closer to the crowd on the other side & so many people jumped in too! it was such an exciting crazy night! so happy i got to rock out with everyone in armenia on our last night here!!!! 
insta10516 an emotional day at the genocide museum. :red_triangle_pointed_up::small_blue_diamond::small_orange_diamond: 
insta10517 blessed 
insta10518 it was an honor to meet the prime minister of armenia, hovik abrahamyan who expressed how proud they are that we are proud armenians and we have not forgotten our roots! 
insta10519 khloe & i brought along our cousins kourtni & kara kardashian. we miss you krista! yes we have 3 cousins who are sisters that all start with a k too! lol 
insta10520 khloe & i visiting mother armenia yesterday. this statue reminds visitors of the strong female figures in armenian history. i love how powerful women are and respected so much in our culture! 
insta10521 long hair don't care 
insta10522 turquoise vibes today 
insta10523 my husband and daughter came to armenia as well to see my heritage and learn about my ancestors! my cousins came along too! so excited i can't sleep 
insta10524 armenia we are here!!!!! we are so grateful to be here & start this journey of a lifetime! thank you to everyone who greeted us! i can't wait to explore our country and have some yummy food! :red_heart::blue_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta10525 there's nobody better! eyebrows on fleek! 
insta10526 happy easter everyone! easter has always been a big celebration in my family! i love this throwback of kourtney, khloe and me with our daddy in our front yard just finishing an easter egg hunt! 
insta10527 fam bam 
insta10528 i love my grandma!!!! 
insta10529 easter prep! :tulip::hatching_chick::rabbit_face::candy: 
insta10530 wake up and smell the roses 
insta10531 back to my roots 
insta10532 my rad little nephew...reign aston disick 
insta10533 i'm so excited to announce in my game! you better step your fashion game up, he's watching!!!! 
insta10534 northie was so proud of all of the eggs she found! she wouldn't stop talking about it all night! :candy::rabbit_face::hatching_chick: 
insta10535 my baby girl on the hunt for easter eggs at the farm! :hatching_chick::rabbit_face: 
insta10536 bff's! ryan + north :two_hearts: 
insta10537 an all new episode of keeping up with the kardashians is on tonight 9/8pm c tune into e! 
insta10538 finding true loyal friends is rare! hold on tight to the ones you love! 
insta10539 yaaassssss 
insta10540 sex & the city moment walking the sand dunes in dubai 
insta10541 for your birthday i'm going to post some cute pics from our last dubai trip! fun carla fact- she's a twin but her brother is born the day before her, so they have different bdays! 
insta10542 happy birthday to my one and only so many years as friends, so many memories! i love you so much!!! living a world apart can't stop our bond! 
insta10543 bts of my elle shoot with wearing of course!!! 
insta10544 i dyed my hair for fashion week and loved that i captured this blonde moment 
insta10545 :France: elle france 
insta10546 :France: cover is out today! :camera: jan welter :lipstick: :person_getting_haircut: wearing 
insta10547 i loved this shoot for elle france magazine on stands tomorrow! glam- 
insta10548 bts elle france cover shoot 
insta10549 fittings 
insta10550 sunset at bruce's never looked so good last night :dizzy: 
insta10551 :red_heart: 
insta10552 i've known since high school. anthony from the last pic since i was born! love catching up with all of my friends this weekend 
insta10553 weekend vibes! 
insta10554 flashback to when niccolo & i were going over new updates & additions in kim kardashian hollywood. tune in tonight to see it all 
insta10555 if only you guys knew the hard work it took to get these guys in my video game!!!!! oh wait, you will see it all tonight on keeping up with the kardashians! 
insta10556 beach day 
insta10557 on set a few days ago with the amazing can't wait for you to see the projects we've been working on! 
insta10558 my cuties! 
insta10559 my princess and i at the same age! north is seriously the sweetest, funniest girl i know! :ribbon::crown: 
insta10560 kourtney & kim taking miami in 2007 
insta10561 congrats baby on getting almost 5 million views for yeezy season1!!!! this is just the beginning!!! 
insta10562 to last month at the brit awards 
insta10564 being blonde is a full time job! 
insta10565 tune into e! news today to find who our next cameo is for kim kardashian hollywood game! thanks & niccolo demasi from glu 
insta10566 happy birthday to my one and only brother robbie!!!! i remember this vegas party of yours like it was yesterday:balloon:! i love you so much and can't wait to share so many more memories with you! kiki :red_heart: riki!!!! :four_leaf_clover: 
insta10567 organizing & cleaning up before bed and waist training at the same time! thank you to the one and only 
insta10568 on set shooting a commercial for kim kardashian: hollywood. glam- 
insta10569 new avi alert 
insta10570 west coast tune into e! keeping up with the kardashians starts soon!!! 
insta10571 i'm very proud of my whole family, we've kept it real for 10 seasons. we've opened up and shared our lives thru happy times, sad times, really devastating times and life changing times! we're so lucky we have each other to be there and support one another and root for each other! thank you for watching our home movies and supporting us, because of you we are at season 10! 
insta10572 to last week in paris 
insta10573 channeling my inner elsa for north :snowflake: 
insta10574 pfw vibes 
insta10575 yesterday's look- my new obsession is this givenchy fur coat!!! wolford sheer turtleneck, proenza skirt & givenchy boots 
insta10576 another all givenchy look for paris fashion week! 
insta10577 i love this all givenchy look! men's shirt and blazer with a skirt & bodysuit and my new favorite boots! 
insta10578 at the louis vuitton show with 
insta10579 louis vuitton show 
insta10580 the secret garden 
insta10581 yesterday was magical 
insta10582 romantic day with my husband outside of paris 
insta10583 morning :hear-no-evil_monkey: 
insta10584 all ye 
insta10585 growing up on a tuesday... happy birthday love you so much!!!!! 
insta10586 not insecure at all standing next to these super models :loudly_crying_face::weary_face::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta10587 new tat alert 
insta10588 the louis vuitton don finished his run of 4 shows at the louis vuitton foundation! sooooo proud! best crowd ever!!!! :France: 
insta10589 givenchy flow x givenchy show x givenchy head to toe 
insta10590 givenchy show 
insta10591 congrats on the most brilliant show! 
insta10592 :eggplant::peach: 
insta10593 kisses and cuddles 
insta10594 reading books before bedtime! 
insta10595 it's hard to describe how cool this looked! these pics show a little glimpse 
insta10596 waterfalls x runaway x surround vision 
insta10597 kanye performing at the louis vuitton foundation frank gehry museum last night :fire: 
insta10598 pfw vibes :France: 
insta10599 :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta10600 watching bae perform tonight at the louis vuitton foundation/ frank gehry museum 
insta10601 je t'aime mon amour :two_hearts: 
insta10603 secrets 
insta10604 lanvin show glam- make up hair 
insta10605 blonde book ends at the balmain after party!!! 
insta10606 congrats on a fab show!!!!! 
insta10607 after party look! this all beaded fringe dress was insane!!!!! 
insta10609 :grinning_squinting_face: 
insta10610 :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10611 blonde hair don't care! :princess: 
insta10612 balenciaga show tonight 
insta10613 paris pandemonium 
insta10614 stay tuned... 
insta10615 so lucky to have these fun new memories in paris 
insta10616 blonde at balmain 
insta10617 so i went platinum!! i have the best team! thank you to for being my inspiration and introducing me to who cut my hair & put this team together! thank you who dyed my hair & got this color in one try! not an easy task! 
insta10618 and so it begins....paris fashion week 
insta10619 anyone who knows me knows short nails are my thing but i had to try long nude nails for paris fashion week! they might just stay 
insta10620 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta10621 today's vibes 
insta10624 oh hi girls! welcome to my world! get the new update of my game and see 
insta10625 digital doll! thanks ad week for recognizing my video game app for your mobile issue! 
insta10626 my video game came to life 
insta10627 ad week cover. loved shooting this!!! thanks for make up, for hair & for styling it in all 
insta10628 this sums up the night. napa. blurry. photo booth. 
insta10629 why are all of pics blurry from last night lol 
insta10630 happy birthday love you :party_popper::birthday_cake::balloon: (why is your party in february when your actual bday is in december? lol) 
insta10631 getting tips from the man himself 
insta10632 i'm in love with the koko 
insta10633 kiki & koko adventures in napa 
insta10634 ummm what is he showing me lol 
insta10635 old school kimye 
insta10636 he got it on his wrists instead. his mothers birthdate and north's birthdate in roman numerals 
insta10637 four in the mornin' and he's zonin' 
insta10638 happy birthday 
insta10639 :camera: 
insta10640 27 mil!!!!! thank you so much!!!! i love you all!!!!! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10641 posing for bae :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: this is what we do when we're bored shopping and no ones around 
insta10642 waiting on bae shopping.... 
insta10643 last nights look- jumpsuit, choker by lucien campbell london, alaia boots! make up hair 
insta10644 giancarlo :red_heart: you!!!!!!! 
insta10645 k' and tay and bae 
insta10646 k's and tay 
insta10648 late night studio support.... 
insta10649 :kiss_mark: & i miss you 
insta10650 britt awards!!! 
insta10651 i love that i got to introduce my husband and present my friend sam smith the global success award! but 1st let me take a selfie.... 
insta10652 this performance of all day was so turnt!!!!!!! :fire::fire::fire::fire::fire: 
insta10653 kanye performing all day with the squad at the brit awards!!! such a sick performance! :fire::fire::fire: 
insta10654 ugh i hate falling sleep with all of my make up on! 
insta10655 congrats baby!!!! 
insta10656 bet honors is on tonight! 9/8pm c 
insta10657 happy birthday daddy 
insta10658 thank you god for watching over us and keeping us safe :folded_hands: 
insta10659 happy birthday to my bff love you!!!! 
insta10660 nighty night 
insta10662 emergency contact: relationship to patient?... bff! right 
insta10663 skiing sisters :skis::snowboarder: 
insta10664 instagramming from the slopes! :snowflake::skis::snowboarder: 
insta10665 i love this pic from yesterday's ralph lauren show and kanye meeting his fashion idol! 
insta10666 i loved the simple glam from this day, especially the new short hair! 
insta10667 had to post this pic also bc this angle is everything!!!!! 
insta10668 i never posted these pics during grammy weekend! thank you for this insane red outfit!!! 
insta10669 i love seeing these! this side by side of north & i at the same age! thanks to whoever made it! 
insta10670 to working with my bestie 
insta10671 found this pic while unpacking! it's from 2006 in ibiza. happy belated birthday 
insta10672 i love fan art!!!!! this recreation of my love magazine cover is super dope! thank you 
insta10673 :fire::fire::fire: 
insta10674 too cute! love your version of my vogue australia shoot 
insta10675 thank you for making this! i love it! xo 
insta10676 twins 
insta10677 wolfie 
insta10678 wolves 
insta10679 party time excellent!!!! 
insta10680 vic x kanye x sia = wolves snl 40 
insta10681 iconic moment!!! kanye snl 
insta10682 does it get any cuter?!?!?!?! 
insta10683 last night wearing alexander wang head to toe! i loved his show last night!!! such a great collection! 
insta10684 she makes him smile...thank you for this outfit you made for north!!!! 
insta10685 kanye gave dave the shoes off his feet 
insta10686 chapelle show 
insta10687 :kiss_mark::red_heart::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10688 vday love :red_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta10689 :revolving_hearts: she loves her valentine 's day present! :revolving_hearts: 
insta10690 my valentine went to this morning to surprise a few fans with new pairs of one of the many reasons why i love him 
insta10691 sisters in the city 
insta10692 last night 
insta10693 yeezy vibes 
insta10694 yeezy x adidas 
insta10695 front page of style.com!!!!!! 
insta10696 yeezy front row 
insta10697 playing around before the show starts 
insta10699 backstage at the yeezy show!!!!! so proud of my baby!!!! this moment is here!!! he has worked so hard on this collection!!! adidas x yeezy!!!! kylie x kim x kanye x anna 
insta10700 my look for the yeezy show!!!!!! yeezy head to toe!!!!! 
insta10701 last nights look- calvin klein top & skirt, givenchy coat, manolo heels 
insta10702 on our way to our launch party!!! 
insta10703 quick glam and a snuggle before event 
insta10704 today's look- lanvin dress, lanvin coat, louboutin heels 
insta10706 :left_arrow: yeezy 
insta10707 wait what?!?!?! how hot are my sisters!!!!!!!! omg i needed to post some gorgeousness this morning!!!!! :fire::fire::fire: 
insta10708 had to repost this pic from such a good performance!!! this song is my current mood right now :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta10709 today's vibes- faith connexion pants, house of london top, lanvin coat, giuseppe zanotti boots 
insta10710 after the show its the after party!!!! loved visiting koko on the job! 
insta10711 my baby went backstage to get ready to perform so i sat and posed 
insta10712 we seriously had a good time at the grammys 
insta10713 walking into the grammys last night! thank you jean paul gaultier for this stunning couture gown! and thank you balmain paris for kanye's look! 
insta10714 paul mccartney x kanye west x rihanna performing four five seconds! so proud to see my baby back on stage at the grammys after 6 years!!!! 
insta10715 :musical_notes: only one :musical_notes: at the grammy's! 
insta10716 i love my glam squad!!!! without them all of this isn't possible! thank you i love u guys! 
insta10717 :red_heart: these two!!!!! 
insta10718 this is the beck won that award face?!?!?! 
insta10719 yeezy put me in charge of the fam distribution 
insta10720 i cut my hair short today. 
insta10721 nothing butt prada 
insta10722 hope floats 
insta10723 casual stretch 
insta10724 locked inside a bedroom at motel 6 blasting madonna erotica on repeat and rolling around in a custom prada bodysuit at 2am 
insta10725 me & bae by the pool 
insta10726 not today 
insta10727 today's photo shoot vibes. 
insta10728 i'm throwing this way the fuck back thursday 
insta10729 :musical_keyboard::microphone::people_with_bunny_ears::bear: :crown: my princess ballerina baby :musical_keyboard::microphone::people_with_bunny_ears::bear::crown: 
insta10730 morning piano session :musical_keyboard: 
insta10731 my tiny dancer 
insta10732 let's go... 
insta10733 love & light 
insta10734 at the zoo with my boo and my baby boo 
insta10735 before the super bowl we took a trip to the zoo :pig_face::panda::elephant::monkey: 
insta10736 i took this pic in thailand last year. get more exclusive pics at kimsdatastash.com 
insta10737 love this pic from kanye's performance in phoenix over the weekend at the direct tv party! 
insta10738 i have something special for you guys! go to kimsdatastash.com link in my bio 
insta10739 who just saw my tmobile commercial!!!! so exciting!!! :rugby_football::video_camera: 
insta10740 finishing touches by my new make up artist 
insta10741 mommy getting ready for the super bowl! 
insta10742 really though? 
insta10743 last nights glam- 
insta10744 about last night. 
insta10745 double date at the waffle house 
insta10746 it's going up....on a saturday :upwards_button: 
insta10747 my snuggle bear 
insta10748 i don't know if she's annoyed with my million daily kisses or my alien face :alien::mouth: 
insta10749 :counterclockwise_arrows_button::UP!_button: 
insta10750 yesterday's vibes- céline coat, i sewed on a vintage fur, vintage alaia bodysuit, balmain skirt, guiseppe zanotti boots 
insta10751 potus 
insta10752 i know i'm not the only one.... 
insta10753 cause you're all i need :musical_notes: 
insta10754 we sang all night long!!! :musical_notes: 
insta10755 sam smith concert!!!! 
insta10756 kim x shelli x sam 
insta10757 our kardashian beauty hair products have launched!!! go to ulta.com loving all of your feedback so far! we worked so hard on this and i know you will all love it!!! xo 
insta10758 last nights look- kardashian kollection grey top and skirt, lanvin coat, saint laurent pumps. glam 
insta10759 last night dinner with the lord 
insta10761 sammy :blue_heart::musical_notes: 
insta10762 today's essentials- 
insta10763 malibooya 
insta10764 that's a wrap! 
insta10765 balmain 
insta10766 break time 
insta10767 olivier x kanye x kim 
insta10768 this shoot was so much fun! getting to work with my husband and my good friend ! how did i get so lucky! 
insta10769 almost ready.... 
insta10770 bts 
insta10771 we were making it fit! 
insta10772 he's happy about this look! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta10773 fitting with 
insta10774 always on my phone! 
insta10775 then things got really serious 
insta10776 here are some behind the scenes of our balmain ad campaign shoot in nyc! this is me & discussing some looks before the hair & make up began 
insta10777 this was probably my most fun interview for thank you i really hope our jokes come out normal when seen on paper lol 
insta10778 bye dc! 
insta10779 need to do a contour tutorial with mario soon! 
insta10780 when kylie texts me saying she loves my look last night, i know i've made it! lol this post is for her. for the glam breakdown go to 
insta10781 thank you & for this amazing dress!!!! 
insta10782 i wish this pic wasn't blurry. 
insta10783 tonights glam- make up hair 
insta10784 family first 
insta10785 sisters :red_heart: 
insta10786 best 24 hr ski trip with 8 couples! all my best friends from childhood, nope they won't let me tag them or name them. i respect their privacy by just posting a pic lol 
insta10787 :skis::snowflake: 
insta10788 skiing with my :red_heart:! :snowboarder::skis: 
insta10790 my friends made me wear a helmet skiing and i was not happy about it but feel it's more safe and i'm into it now if you can't tell 
insta10791 how cute is this?! thank you 
insta10792 was trying to take a selfie... :camera::bomb: :person_getting_haircut: 
insta10793 kourtney, kim & khloe take the hamptons!!! get the new update now! 
insta10794 6 year old kimmie vs 30 year old kimmie 
insta10795 ice skating was my thing 
insta10796 since it's award season i will do my to the time kourtney and i went to the emmys. she was pregnant and i was about 15 to 20 pounds thinner. 
insta10797 this guy is so weird!!!! 
insta10798 ready for my close up! 
insta10799 glam team tag team 
insta10800 a little no make up selfie getting my nails did :nail_polish: 
insta10801 i love this shot from my shoot. we did hardly any make up or hair, i love this simple natural shoot 
insta10802 me for vogue 
insta10803 today was such a fun special day! i flew to new york to surprise my make up artist of 7 years entire master class by being mario's model for his make up seminar!!! i loved meeting everyone and getting some good make up tips! 
insta10804 casual sunday with my bff 
insta10805 mercer morning :hot_beverage: 
insta10806 i truly am so honored to have worked with one of style icons, fashion director for this cover for and shoot in one of my favorite places in the world, australia! thank you gilles bensimon for these gorgeous pics! can't wait to see the rest out monday! 
insta10807 here's the 1st look of my february cover with australian vogue out monday!!!! 
insta10808 :kiss_mark: 
insta10809 love my look last night! 
insta10810 last nights look- a pierre balmain dress from years ago, costume national cummerbund, balmain blazer and kanye west heels! these are samples from his 1st fashion show. kanye is wearing balmain. 
insta10811 nyc nights! 
insta10812 happy birthday 
insta10813 nyc :airplane:- glam today :person_getting_haircut::lipstick: 
insta10814 this givenchy look could possibly be my favorite look of 2014 
insta10815 working with was so crazy for me! we shot for 3 days straight at a motel in la. one night til 4am. dressed me in all vintage and custom and bleached my brows! can't wait for u to see 30+ page spread with steven klein for love magazine 
insta10816 good night 
insta10817 video game kinda night with :video_game: 
insta10818 love this side by side of me when i'm 7 and me now 
insta10819 i'm not sure who made this but i love these side by side pics. this is me on the right as a baby and north on the left 
insta10820 :musical_note::musical_notes: remember who you are...no you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes :musical_note::musical_notes: - kanye "only one" 
insta10821 everyone asks me what my favorite kanye song is. it's only one. kanye felt like his mom was singing thru him to our daughter. this song makes me cry every time i hear it. he releases it at midnight tonight on itunes. "only one" by kanye west featuring paul mccartney. photo by inez and vinoodh 
insta10822 see i do smile... even laugh on occasion. not too often though because it causes wrinkles 
insta10823 sisters bff's for life!!! 
insta10824 happy holidays :red_heart: the wests 
insta10825 3 generations :red_heart: 
insta10826 my best friend 
insta10827 i have so many cute pics to post but so slow this weekend. enjoying the fam and relaxing but will post one before bed of me, kenny & nori! 
insta10828 north is still warming up to santa :Santa_Claus:. the same santa has come to my moms christmas eve party since i was a kid. i love sharing the tradition with my baby girl! hope everyone had the best christmas :Christmas_tree: 
insta10829 merry christmas!!! :Santa_Claus::Christmas_tree::snowman_without_snow: 
insta10830 love this pic from our balmain shoot! thank you and for your vision! 
insta10831 i'm so proud of our new balmain campaign!!!! shot by thank you & pascal dangin for your vision!!! hair by bob recine. make up by lucia pieroni 
insta10832 balmain spring/summer 2015 campaign 
insta10833 balmain!!!!!! 
insta10834 yesterday...trying to pick out an outfit struggle 
insta10835 7 year old kimberly 
insta10836 :kiss_mark: dinner in the valley with :kiss_mark: 
insta10837 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10838 this was an adventure! try getting 5 kids to look and smile 
insta10839 disney on ice 
insta10840 she's ready! 
insta10841 happy birthday to the lego master mason!!! you are so big i can't take it! you are my everything!!!!! i love you so much!!!! 
insta10842 tonight was fun:woman_dancing::woman_dancing::woman_dancing: thank you 
insta10843 if i can't see you this guy will do!!! 
insta10844 thank you time magazine for recognizing my character in the kim kardashian hollywood game as the most influential character of 2014 after elsa from frozen! 
insta10845 fun times with at her 1st annual diamond ball 
insta10846 last night's look at rihanna's diamond ball- balenciaga make up- hair- 
insta10847 i'm so into this olive green color for fall. lanvin coat, kardashian kollection dress 
insta10848 yesterday's glam- bronzy make up sleek center part 
insta10849 birthday celebration for love you :gem_stone::birthday_cake: 
insta10850 nyc nights with my bff 
insta10851 last nights glam- 
insta10852 was such an honor to give my dear friend bruce webber the artists ending aids award at the acria foundation event! the fight is not over! so many young people get infected every day so please educate yourself to stop this awful disease. 
insta10853 last night with & bruce webber 
insta10854 love this look- glam 
insta10855 i wore this look the other night on my date night (got this dress online for $19) and put my fave max mara coat on top for nyc. i really wanted an all creamy camel moment but the wind didn't allow for this lol 
insta10856 it's a family affair! so excited you can now play with all of us now! ;-) 
insta10857 these are some items i'm selling on ebay! there's only 1day left to bid http://stores.ebay.com/kimsaprincess 
insta10858 look who just joined kim kardashian hollywood!!!!! kourtney & khloe will be joining my mom & i in the new update!!!! 
insta10859 closeup 
insta10861 tonights look- j mendel skirt, mugler top, tom ford heels 
insta10862 miami crew 
insta10863 thank you paper magazine for the best dinner party at art basel! 
insta10864 north & sofia take miami 
insta10865 another fun annual all girls party! :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus: 
insta10866 :snowman_without_snow::Santa_Claus: christmas party :Christmas_tree::wrapped_gift: 
insta10867 sister sandwich 
insta10868 azoff christmas party 
insta10869 kourtney is such a beautiful pregnant woman! pregnancy is beautiful and powerful and she really embraces it! i love this shoot in dujour magazine shot by 
insta10870 thank you :victory_hand::United_States: 
insta10871 of course i need a selfie!!!! 
insta10872 was very cool getting a tour and seeing the tanks! :victory_hand: 
insta10873 :airplane::rocket::helicopter: 
insta10874 kisses to the troops! thank you for all you do! was an honor to meet you all :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta10875 when i was in abu dhabi i stopped by the uss san diego navy ship to meet the troops. had the best time seeing everyone :United_States: 
insta10876 my mcm goes to my bff & husband! miss you baby! 
insta10877 the has gone (red)! join us in support of the app store’s initiative to fight aids. http://bit.ly/kkhforred 
insta10878 so glad i screen grabbed this bday message in oct from kylie. this means so much to me 
insta10879 lol 
insta10880 did you guys enjoy thanksgiving???? 
insta10881 who shopped on black friday??? 
insta10882 north & georgia :dog_face: 
insta10883 i'm so thankful for my best friend n+k=:red_heart: 
insta10884 my favorite of the 3 covers for can't wait for you to see inside! xo 
insta10885 here's my 2nd cover! so proud to be a part of the confidence issue! 
insta10886 thank you for my 3 covers!!!! :camera: shot by jean-baptiste mondino!!! shot this in london not too long ago 
insta10887 :triangular_flag::construction::vertical_traffic_light::triangular_flag: 
insta10888 last nights look- balmain top, alexander mcqueen pants glam 
insta10889 thank you to everyone who came out for my fleur fatale fragrance launch at parfum monde. dubai has been amazing! 
insta10890 lasts nights look at dress by torn, givenchy heels 
insta10891 oh hey momager!!!! welcome to my world! 
insta10893 dinner with the crew 
insta10894 earlier today helicopter ride to the desert over looking burj al arab 
insta10895 we're in these dunes... 
insta10896 yas beach with the crew! 
insta10897 addicted to my tanner! 
insta10898 happy birthday !!!!! you're the funniest, most generous, loving person i know! i love you 
insta10899 to blonde hair days with 
insta10900 a few months ago this woman was on my flight 
insta10901 i love the middle east! it's so beautiful here! join me in dubai! download on the app store http://bit.ly/kkhdubai 
insta10902 habibti 
insta10904 words can't describe how grateful i am to be back in dubai. i love it here so much! 
insta10905 you guys are gonna die!!!!!!! mocking jay was soooooooo good!!!!!!!!! 
insta10906 mocking jay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
insta10907 so proud of my 7th fragrance called fleur fatale in stores now!!! 
insta10908 morning melbourne 
insta10909 yesterday's look- david koma top, atsuko kudo skirt. 
insta10910 missing these three sooooooo bad!!!! 
insta10911 what we're like in front of the paparazzi... 
insta10912 what we're like at home... 
insta10913 just a casual day with scourt 
insta10914 last nights look- atsuko kudo latex top & skirt, giuseppe zanotti heels. glam 
insta10915 we're on a world tour 
insta10916 sydney :person_swimming: 
insta10917 another london flashback :United_Kingdom: 
insta10918 flashing back to last week in london with koko. hard to see but i love this skirt by madga butrym and my new fave calvin klein coat 
insta10919 i'm so proud of my sissy who is now the face of 
insta10920 tonight watch kourtney & khloe take the hamptons at 9/8c on e! 
insta10921 1st hot chocolate! 
insta10922 best aunties ever! 
insta10923 bts photo shoot for our kardashian kollection line at lipsy in the uk. :camera: 
insta10924 bts pic at our kardashian kollection shoot 
insta10925 the wests 
insta10926 :red_heart: him 
insta10927 ny vibes 
insta10928 creepiest photo bomb ever :kitchen_knife: 
insta10930 paper magazine new cover alert! - such a honor to work with the legendary :camera: jean-paul goude!!!! shot this in paris. can't wait for you to see the whole issue :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta10931 thank you for your amazing new book "valentino: at emperor's table"! i also love the foreword by 
insta10932 me & my bae out today :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: wearing my favorite bag painted by my little north :artist_palette: 
insta10934 happy birthday 
insta10935 sisters 
insta10936 thank you for having us! congrats on the london launch! 
insta10937 :United_Kingdom: 
insta10938 last nights look- juan carlos obando top, skirt, coat 
insta10939 what would we do without these guys! :person_getting_haircut::lipstick: 
insta10940 just trying to help my baby out! they catch everything :eyes::camera: 
insta10941 tony duran shoot 2009 
insta10942 tony duran shoot 2009 
insta10943 tony duran shoot 2009 
insta10944 tony duran shoot 2009 
insta10945 tony duran shoot 2009 
insta10947 about last night 
insta10948 omg!!!! look what sent north! thank you for these little custom jackets to match mommy!!! 
insta10949 annnd be the hottest mom in the entire world!!!!!! 
insta10950 happy birthday to my best friend in the entire world!!!! after becoming a mom myself i understand you in a way i didn't think was possible! i respect so much how you are able to raise 6 children, have a career and give each of us so much attention and be our biggest supporter and love us so unconditionally!!! you are my idol, my mentor and superwoman!!!! i love you forever!!!! 
insta10951 i’ve voted! have you? 
insta10957 about last night... 
insta10958 :horse_face: morning walk :horse_face: 
insta10959 bff 
insta10960 sis :green_heart: 
insta10961 to the sweetest girl in the world happy birthday i love you so much 
insta10962 smiling on the inside lol 
insta10963 secrets 
insta10964 tonight at lacma art+film gala wearing a cushnie et ochs dress, tom ford heels & cartier necklace 
insta10965 karl, grace, anna, andre 
insta10966 boo :ghost::jack-o-lantern: 
insta10967 look skeleton 
insta10968 :black_circle::white_circle::black_medium-small_square::white_medium-small_square::jack-o-lantern::ghost: 
insta10969 my little stinker is waiting to show daddy her costume. halloween has started early this morning 
insta10970 a skunk is on the loose!!!! 
insta10971 :tiger_face: meow 2010 
insta10972 catwoman 2012 
insta10973 batman halloween 2012 
insta10974 today's look- wolford top i cut to crop it. wolford dress i'm wearing as a skirt. margiela dress i'm wearing open as a jacket. prada heels i bought on ebay. hermes purse. saint laurent sunglasses 
insta10976 family lunch 
insta10977 bts of our shoot by hair- kevin ryan make up- mario dedivanovic styled by- leslie fremar 
insta10978 winter 2014 launches today at lipsy! 
insta10979 i'm really obsessed with waist training! thank you for my new waist shapers! 
insta10980 happy birthday bruce! you are officially a senior citizen lol! thank you for teaching me so much about life. i love you so much! xoxo 
insta10981 speaking at recode's code mobile tech conference in san fran with 
insta10982 visiting the glu mobile offices today! working on some new exciting things! 
insta10983 :tiger_face: 
insta10984 :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta10985 bonds :baseball::trophy: 
insta10986 :ring::baseball: 
insta10987 love this campaign we shot with our new collection launches oct 29th at 
insta10988 date night 
insta10989 :party_popper::birthday_cake::fire::repeat_button::UP!_button::prohibited::hundred_points::check_mark::cocktail_glass::camera::dollar_banknote::fork_and_knife::tongue: 
insta10990 :red_heart: 
insta10991 last nights look- alexandre vauthier dress, givenchy heels. glam- make up hair 
insta10992 kiki and koko 
insta10993 vega$ vibes 
insta10995 og crew 
insta10996 love hanging out with my cousin love you chonch 
insta10997 my glam gods for the night 
insta10998 another amazing birthday celebration at tao with my boo 
insta10999 vega$ nights have begun 
insta11000 vega$ 
insta11001 last week with these beauties :kiss_mark: 
insta11002 late nite double date with & kanye 
insta11003 pre bday fun with 
insta11004 of course she would release her book "in the kitchen with kris" on my birthday! lol best birthday gift ever! congrats mom! i love that you are sharing all of our yummy recipes with the world! you are the best cook! 
insta11007 good morning 
insta11008 :see-no-evil_monkey::hear-no-evil_monkey::speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta11009 venice vibes 
insta11010 kisses :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta11011 :up_arrow::left_arrow: 
insta11012 you think you know but sometimes you just don't 
insta11013 fbf londontown jumpsuit 
insta11014 just flipping through french vogue nbd!!! 
insta11015 bts 
insta11016 love this glam 
insta11017 me & my mommy 
insta11018 tonights glam bronzy peaches & cream make up. sleek slicked bun 
insta11019 my make up icon 
insta11020 glam girls! celebrating new make up launch! so proud of you! 
insta11021 me/north 
insta11022 k3 
insta11023 you can now get married 
insta11024 :up_arrow::left_arrow: 
insta11026 he just gets me 
insta11027 my family :red_heart: 
insta11029 i love a suit with an oversized jacket...with a low cut top of course :winking_face_with_tongue::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta11030 my fashion inspiration 
insta11031 loving last night's sleek glam look. thank you 
insta11034 birthday girl 
insta11035 pre party 
insta11036 last nights look- 
insta11037 thank you for dressing me up tonight for carine's party! 
insta11038 secret project 
insta11039 l'avenue with these ladies 
insta11042 reserved for mademoiselle north west 
insta11043 my paris glam squad 
insta11046 repost from :red_heart: 
insta11047 blonde moment for british gq on stands now! 
insta11048 styled by carlyne cerf de dudzeele, hair by serge normant, makeup by jeanine lobell 
insta11049 loved working with on this cover shoot! 
insta11050 :France: 
insta11051 :United_Kingdom: :Russia: me :United_States: :koala: 
insta11054 new outfits in the kim kardashian game 
insta11055 yesterday's look- margiela bodysuit, kardashian kollection skirt, josh goot coat, hermes heels 
insta11056 yesterday's shoot was sooooooo good! i can't wait for you guys to see this!!!!! 
insta11057 balmain show look- balmain head to toe 
insta11058 after party look- balmain jacket, alaia leggings, margiela bodysuit, giuseppe zanotti heels 
insta11060 after the show its the after party 
insta11064 best in the west 
insta11065 last nights look- awake dress, gianvitto rossi heels. hair make up 
insta11066 thank you to everyone who came to support the buro fashion forward initiative & with her line awake. and of course my lovely co-hosts 
insta11067 balenciaga baby 
insta11068 wearing a.w.a.k.e. by 
insta11069 got glam from my glam idol tonight in london 
insta11070 afternoon tea in london 
insta11071 love this look from the other night- jw anderson top, chloe pants. make up hair 
insta11072 at exhibit :red_heart: 
insta11073 i'm so lucky 
insta11074 i'm so excited for tonight's episode of american dad! i play an alien who's obsessed with roger! tune into fox tonight at 9:30pm 
insta11076 so so so proud of you you killed it!!! 
insta11078 hi 
insta11079 kanye & i got to face time with the beautiful were praying for you! 
insta11080 thanks for the glam in australia 
insta11081 happy birthday to the one & only working with you has inspired me & you've become family along the way!!!! love you!!!!! 
insta11082 :koala: 
insta11083 thank you for having us today. so many good memories 
insta11084 sydney vibes 
insta11085 devil in a new dress 
insta11088 :victory_hand::kiss_mark: 
insta11089 happy birthday to the funniest, most down to earth guy i know!!! i can't wait to celebrate with you next week!!!! i love you so much !!!! 
insta11090 thank you to everyone who came out to support the launch of the kardashian kollection new range! australia is the best!!!! 
insta11091 selfies on stage 
insta11092 my cover of out tomorrow! head to toe shot by 
insta11093 last nights look- alaia bodysuit, céline skirt, hermes heels 
insta11095 what a nice delivery!!! 
insta11096 b*tch stole my look! 
insta11097 me and my bae 
insta11098 my fave shoes right now 
insta11099 mommy swag- rick owens dress, balenciaga heels, céline sunnies 
insta11100 here. 
insta11101 givenchy vibes backstage 
insta11102 diamonds are forever :gem_stone: 
insta11103 yeezus pop-up shop 
insta11104 this is the life 
insta11105 the crew 
insta11106 broom broom 
insta11107 yep this happened on thanks to for the nominations 
insta11108 london looks- all kardashian kollection! available at lipsy in october! 
insta11110 :fire::fire::fire: 
insta11111 i’m in "the land down under” for a few weeks. join me in sydney! 
insta11112 célfie 
insta11113 you don't have to wait til oct 29th to get this limited edition black cami dress at lipsy! it's available now at lipsy.com with worldwide shipping! can't wait to share more pics from this shoot by ellen von unwerth!!!! 
insta11114 who is in london town with me? 
insta11116 the cover is here!!!! photographer- tom munro, make up- jeanine lobell, hair- serge normant, styled by carlyne cerf de dudzeele 
insta11117 today's look- kardashian kollection jumpsuit at lipsy, tom ford boots. glam by 
insta11118 selfies :United_Kingdom::camera: 
insta11119 glam moment 
insta11120 special thanks to for this couture all beaded skirt and atsuko kudo latex bodysuit! 
insta11121 thank you for making me woman of the year! such an honor!!!!!! 
insta11122 who? 
insta11124 k+k=:red_heart: 
insta11125 made in america day 2 
insta11126 tune into keeping up with the kardashians tonight on 
insta11128 churros are a must at a bridal shower! thanks 
insta11129 made in america day1 
insta11130 airport style- haider ackermann pants, alaia bodysuit, hermes heels, vintage scarf. north's look- kardashian kids leather skirt, n nico co t shirt, babe& tess jacket, timberland boots 
insta11131 new hair cut alert 
insta11132 love this all pale pink look 
insta11133 today's look- balmain blazer, maticevski skirt, alaia bodysuit, hermes heels 
insta11134 bae's 
insta11135 we really tried.... 
insta11137 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta11138 last nights look- j.w. anderson skirt, stella mccartney bodysuit, tom ford heels 
insta11139 pretty glam today 
insta11140 sooooo annoyed 
insta11141 on my way bae 
insta11142 summer updates!!! kim kardashian hollywood has some super cute new beach looks, new quests, and a new level! 
insta11143 last nights glam- peachy fresh make up soft waves no extensions 
insta11144 last nights look- balmain dress, shoes. lorraine schwartz jewels 
insta11148 peek a boo 
insta11149 before mtv awards 
insta11150 no make up kinda weekend 
insta11152 loved seeing you last night celebrating 
insta11153 about last night! 
insta11154 good day on set today with my sisters! glam by my dream team 
insta11155 on set today with 
insta11156 thank you 
insta11157 i will miss you 
insta11158 bye mexico! every time we come it's a new set of memories & i'm grateful. thank you casa aramara 
insta11160 nothing like listening to a mariachi band over margs & quesadillas! :woman_dancing: 
insta11162 not easy taking a selfie jet skiing 
insta11163 let me sleep!!!! 
insta11164 good morning mexico 
insta11168 tune into keeping up with the kardashians tonight 9/8pm c on e! & see looks from my hype energy drink shoot 
insta11170 had so many cool looks for this commercial i shot for hype energy usa. on tonight's episode of kuwtk u will see some 
insta11171 tune into keeping up with the kardashians tonight and see what and i were doing! 
insta11172 north west- styled by quote from photographed by michael avedon 
insta11173 wait a minute who is wearing the purple shirt now??? 
insta11176 today's look- balmain skirt, margiela skirt, prada heels. sleek center part hair clean make up 
insta11177 :eyes: 
insta11178 yesterday's look- givenchy 
insta11179 i laughed my whole childhood because of you... thank you rip 
insta11181 nobu malibu bday dinner for ky 
insta11182 now time to celebrate 'a birthday! 
insta11183 we won!!!! thank you to everyone who voted for us for best reality show!!!! 
insta11184 teen choice awards glam- 
insta11185 teen choice awards look- balmain top & skirt. balenciaga heels 
insta11186 heading to teen choice awards! 
insta11187 saved the best for last! happy birthday kylizzle 
insta11188 call me maybe?!?!?! 
insta11189 sexy!!!! 
insta11190 hey!!!!! 
insta11191 birthday girl!!!! 
insta11192 to my baby sister on her 17th birthday...i was 17 when you were born and every day you have brought me such joy! i love living with you! i love how strong you are, funny and just so stylish!!!! i found a bunch of selfies you took on my camera when you were maybe 9 years old & for your birthday i will post them all! love you so much! 
insta11193 good morning san francisco 
insta11194 yeezus 
insta11195 london is one of my favs. join me in this amazing city for a smashing good time. cheers! 
insta11196 yesterday's look- dress by australian designer bec & bridge, prada heels. hair make up 
insta11197 thank you everyone who came out to ulta for kardashian sunkissed today! 
insta11199 ughhhh is trying to make me eat carbs! 
insta11200 so proud of my dermatologist dr. lancer. i feel younger every time i see him lol 
insta11201 new passport pic 
insta11202 dinner last night with love this girl!!!! 
insta11203 tonight's glam- 
insta11204 don't forget to tune into jimmy kimmel tonight! 
insta11205 tonight's look- ulyana sergeenko 
insta11206 omg i met sam smith! he's on jimmy kimmel tonight too. tune in! xo 
insta11207 i'm at jimmy kimmel and look who i see... tune in tonight! 
insta11209 how cute are these kids!!!!!! 
insta11210 till next time thailand... 
insta11212 thailand part 3 on e now! tune in! 
insta11213 the last of the thailand episodes airs tonight on e! 9/8c 
insta11215 reminiscing about the 1st time we went to ibiza in 2006! it was so good to see you & catch up!! loves it lol 
insta11217 mommy's night out 
insta11218 about last night 
insta11219 you can't sit with us 
insta11220 last night thank you for all of the amazing pics! 
insta11221 side chicks be like.... 
insta11222 's birthday!!! 
insta11223 let the festivities begin... 
insta11224 birthday boy!!!! 
insta11225 happy birthday i love you soooo much!!! can't wait to celebrate with you tonight!!!! 
insta11227 ughhh i am 20 lbs lighter here! this was just 5 years ago! ok i'm going back on my grind. i gotta get back here! 
insta11228 bye beach 
insta11229 mexico 
insta11230 me and my beach babe in punta mita, mexico 
insta11231 love on the cover of love 
insta11232 today's glam for interviews 
insta11233 the many moods of me! 
insta11234 happy 80th birthday to my grandma mj!!!! you have taught me so much about life! you are my idol!!! i can't wait to celebrate with you! 
insta11235 goooooooood morning world!!!! 
insta11236 bonjour dolls! i just love this romantic city!!! see you in paris! 
insta11237 last day to get my tan in... 
insta11238 heaven on earth! thank you for letting us stay at casa aramara! 
insta11240 our baby girl finished one week of swimming lessons today then took her 1st steps right when she got out of the pool!!!! mommy & daddy are so proud of you!!!! photo cred: daddy 
insta11241 photo cred: 
insta11242 :cocktail_glass::sun::water_wave: :palm_tree: 
insta11243 breakfast on the beach. good morning world! 
insta11244 flashback to thailand! did you guys like tonight's kuwtk episode in thailand? 
insta11245 :skull: gothic keeks :skull: 
insta11246 gym time while my baby is napping! 
insta11247 so sexy! my husband on the cover of gq shot by patrick demarchelier!!! 
insta11248 :palm_tree::water_wave::sun: 
insta11249 :flexed_biceps::bikini: 
insta11250 it's a little blurry but you know what it is... 
insta11251 welcome to the jungle :herb::fire: 
insta11252 :sun::cyclone::sun: 
insta11254 happy birthday to my cousin !!! i will never forget this trip to paris! you're our link to my dad's side of the family and i will never forget all of the family stories & history you share with us constantly! i love you so much chonch! 
insta11255 throwback to a few years ago 
insta11256 these two.... 
insta11257 tonight's the night!!!! keeping up with the kardashians 
insta11258 how cute made these side by side looks of my video game app! check it out app store http://bit.ly/1qpyvzf google play http://bit.ly/1j9fsss 
insta11259 love this gorgeous blanket!!! thank you so much!!! off to bed now, sweet dreams! 
insta11260 i'm in a better mood now :kiss_mark::face_blowing_a_kiss::lipstick::sun: 
insta11261 i'm in a real bitchy mood today :electric_plug::person_taking_bath::water_pistol::kitchen_knife: 
insta11262 watching the valentino a couture show with 
insta11263 congrats on the beautiful collection maria grazia chiuri and pier paolo piccioli 
insta11264 make up hair 
insta11265 yesterday's look- wearing valentino. clean simple hair and make up 
insta11266 yesterday... casually heading to the valentino couture show in paris 
insta11267 love this sketch 
insta11268 tonight's look- balmain 
insta11269 oh !!!!! 
insta11270 fun night! 
insta11271 the legend alber elbaz 
insta11272 i love women who are bold! so inspiring! 
insta11273 nbd just hanging with jean paul gaultier 
insta11274 :yellow_heart: this guy!!!!!! 
insta11275 the army 
insta11276 vogue paris party!!!! 
insta11280 new locations, new quests, new clothes! fiesta in mexico!!! it's amaze. app store http://bit.ly/1qpyvzf google play http://bit.ly/1j9fsss 
insta11281 :two_hearts: 
insta11282 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta11283 love these fashion sketches of my hamptons looks by 
insta11284 kendall jenner x chanel 
insta11285 happy birthday my little pushka! i love u so much!!!! 
insta11286 road trip.... 
insta11287 tried my old school glam look today with curly hair by kevin ryan & make up by i missed this vibe, might bring it back sometimes 
insta11288 bathroom selfie wearing kardashian kollection in sears now 
insta11289 we've lived together, traveled the world together, laughed & lived it up! there's no one that has a bigger heart or been a more true friend! i'm so proud to be spending your birthday with you!!! happy birthday i love you so much! 
insta11290 the family that prays together stays together :folded_hands: such a great service tonight 
insta11291 larsa- when we met we instantly clicked & i have not stopped laughing since! even with 4 kids u always make time for your friends superwoman!!! i don't know how u do it all!!! u are my idol! my ride or die sister for life!!! i love u do much, happy birthday!!! 
insta11294 bye hamps!!!! your cell phone reception sucks!!!! have to go to the city real quick to instagram!!! 
insta11296 i really love this gorgeous woman!!!! 
insta11298 today's look- and re walker dress, alaia heels 
insta11299 i miss you boo:growing_heart: 
insta11300 night! 
insta11301 my new shoe obsession! 
insta11302 today's look- james perse dress, hermes heels 
insta11303 i miss him so much! :airplane::microphone: 
insta11304 hey dolls, join me in hollywood! app store http://bit.ly/1nhiqjh and google play http://bit.ly/1ohseoh 
insta11305 all new tonight 9/8pm c on e! 
insta11306 last nights look- one of my new favorite designers ulyana sergeenko 
insta11307 clique 
insta11308 were feelin' ourselves 
insta11309 look back at it 
insta11310 i dance sometimes..... with 
insta11311 bisous 
insta11312 we've been doing this for so long... no place like home! another birthday celebration!!!! 
insta11313 side view of today's look- used our new tanner and loving this glows bronzy look 
insta11314 today's look- simple nude wolford strapless dress, my go to bronze tom ford chain heels that match everything 
insta11315 love these looks! download on the app store http://bit.ly/1nhiqjh and google play http://bit.ly/1ohseoh 
insta11316 queen koko! had to post this sexy pic of the birthday girl 
insta11317 koko!!! my baby sister!!! happy 30th birthday! i love you so much! i love seeing you so happy! you are the strongest person i know(literally & figuratively) !!!! lol 
insta11318 let the birthday celebrations begin !!!!!!!! 
insta11319 & i 1981 
insta11320 shooting an infomercial with bruce, 
insta11321 before i go to bed i want to wish a very happy birthday!!!! you are the most loyal friend & i thank you for all the nights we laughed so hard it hurt, we cried & listened and laughed some more!!!! thru it all you've been a true friend! i love you! 
insta11322 night!!! 
insta11323 it's just a wig :princess:! looks so real though right? 
insta11324 it's baaaaack!!!! thanks to 
insta11325 on set today with the legend !!!! 
insta11326 kim kardashian: hollywood launches today! app store: http://bit.ly/1koenja google play: http://bit.ly/ucnhgj 
insta11327 yesterday's look: hanji top wolford skirt, hermes heels 
insta11328 ready for my close up :lipstick: 
insta11329 :dolphin::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta11330 early look from the launching this week! 
insta11331 north's birthday outfit 
insta11332 our baby girl's 1st birthday party! 
insta11333 baby ryan today at north's party 
insta11335 these girls are too cute! so proud of them! go pick up a copy of their book rebels: city of indra now! http://bit.ly/1ma3hcp 
insta11336 fun night in cannes with my best friend at the mail online boat party! ummm where's my arm lol 
insta11337 sleek center part ponytail and bronzed smokey eye with nude lip thanks to his luggage with all of his glam products didn't make it but we used what i had & we made it work! sometimes the quick dramatic glam seem to work out best! 
insta11338 thank you & for this custom rope dress!!! 
insta11339 kendall jenner new fall 2014 givenchy campaign!!!! 
insta11340 sneak peek from my upcoming project! super excited about this! 
insta11341 excited about this new project 
insta11342 yummy day with :soft_ice_cream::balloon: 
insta11343 this is what life is about! our baby girl turned 1 today! we played so hard they passed out while we were watching the game! happy father's day to the best daddy in the world! the way you love our daughter and protect her makes me filled with so much love! 
insta11344 oh hi ricky 
insta11345 just rocked bonnaroo 
insta11346 oh hey 100,000 people! 
insta11347 bonnaroo baby 
insta11348 look what i found in my luggage while unpacking!!! casa aramara knows me too well! this just made my day! 
insta11349 no better place to be...thank you joe francis!!!! 
insta11350 my view 
insta11351 it's about to get real hype!!!! 
insta11352 my everything 
insta11353 me & the other day.... 
insta11354 keep up with us now east coast on e! thanks for this sketch!!! 
insta11355 happy birthday to my husband and best friend in the entire world! you have changed my life in more ways than you know! the way you look at life inspires me! i love you so much!!! 
insta11356 birthday cake!!!!! 
insta11357 my husband performing tonight at xgamesaustin!!!! 
insta11358 :hundred_points: 
insta11360 some guy keeps taking pictures of me!?! anyone know who he is? 
insta11361 tomorrow it starts! 
insta11362 love this sketch too! 
insta11363 love these fashion sketches of my paris looks 
insta11364 still feels like it was a dream! thank you for making me the most gorgeous gown i've ever seen! i'm so grateful for this givechy couture wedding gown! 
insta11365 :ring: 
insta11366 mr. & mrs. kanye west 
insta11367 little angels in the sky blessing us 
insta11368 thank you & for this amazing dress!!! such beautiful details! 
insta11369 last nights look- balmain couture, giuseppe zanotti heels 
insta11370 no matter what these girls are always there! 
insta11371 :red_heart: :France: 
insta11373 night out in paireeeeee 
insta11375 i'm so lucky! i have the best friends in the whole wide world! 
insta11376 supermodel sisters 
insta11377 :red_heart: my grandma mj. her 1st time in paris 
insta11378 :victory_hand: 
insta11379 :soft_ice_cream: 
insta11380 beautiful day in paris :France: 
insta11381 :red_heart: 
insta11382 when and i would hit the streets of hollywood 
insta11383 sisters with style! 
insta11384 baby keeks! i love that i see my 2 grandpas in the background. this was my 4th birthday party, we celebrated on every halloween 
insta11385 keeks & kokes 
insta11386 tonight at nbc universal upfronts. wearing wes gordon, bronzy glam by sleek hair by 
insta11387 there's a wall of roses in my backyard what else am i supposed to do 
insta11388 stop and smell the roses 
insta11389 last weeks looks! 
insta11390 just finished my morning workout 
insta11391 love this liner - kardashian beauty in "little white lie" 
insta11392 i have the hottest mom! lol this was her after 4 kids!!!!! my hero!!! i am me because of you!!! thank you for showing me what compassion, strength and family means!!! i love you 
insta11394 i woke up to a wall of roses, hydrangeas and peonies!!! i have the best fiancé in the world! i love you so much baby!!!! 
insta11395 this little girl has changed my world in more ways than i ever could have imagined! being a mom is the most rewarding feeling in the world! happy mothers day to all of the moms out there! 
insta11398 love you 
insta11399 love these girls!!! 
insta11400 xoxo 
insta11401 love u 
insta11402 love you 
insta11403 cheeeeeese!!! :camera: 
insta11404 photo shoot 3 
insta11405 photo shoot 2 
insta11406 photo shoot 1 
insta11407 kourtney & i 
insta11408 heartbreaking! let's all raise awareness! 
insta11409 from the back 
insta11410 tonight's look- balmain blazer, alexander mcqueen top, lanvin skirt 
insta11411 honored to be at the usc shoah foundation event to support armenian genocide testimonies. i'm sitting next to the most inspiring 100 year old armenian genocide survivor. 
insta11412 loved these girls last night! all in topshop! 
insta11413 and we out! 
insta11414 thank you alber for the most stunning dress & suit!!! 
insta11415 about last night 
insta11416 best thing in life is sharing memories with the ones you love! from getting ready together to experiencing the night i'm happy you were at my side i love you my model baby!!! 
insta11417 thank you anna for beautiful evening 
insta11418 kendall & rihanna :red_heart: 
insta11419 domenico dolce is one of my all time faves! we had do much fun discussing the gown he made for the vogue shoot! his entire table was breath taking and looked like the most perfect dolce ad campaign! monica bellucci looked stunning! 
insta11420 zac posen took me to my 1st fashion event! me, him & pat mcgrath 
insta11421 pure glamour! 
insta11422 xo 
insta11423 balmain babes 
insta11428 i love this woman! 
insta11430 flashing lights :camera: 
insta11431 doll glam 
insta11432 senior high school days! 
insta11433 when anna met north! oh and told us about our vogue shoot! 
insta11434 we mud run this town 
insta11435 keeks & kokes 
insta11436 drink it up khlo:heavy_dollar_sign: 
insta11437 oh hey pascal! thanks for ruining my selfie! 
insta11438 shoot in miami shot by 
insta11439 me & 
insta11440 :red_heart: my north earring! thanks 
insta11441 april 24,1915 it was 99 years ago today 1.5 million armenians were killed in a massacre. let's not stay in denial because it happened! let's recognize it! 
insta11442 flashback pic during the holidays has me missing my blonde hair....decisions decisions 
insta11445 happy birthday i love you soooo much! 
insta11446 today's look- 
insta11447 oh paxy... i would hold your umbrella any day! :closed_umbrella: 
insta11449 love this sketch! 
insta11451 paris stroll 
insta11454 yesterday's look- balmain dress, vintage judith lieber belt, kardashian kollection tights, tom ford boots 
insta11455 today's vibes 
insta11456 under the sea :tropical_fish: 
insta11461 about last night! us trying to be for his bday!!!! :birthday_cake::cocktail_glass: 
insta11462 fashion moment with my mamma 
insta11463 soft glam tonight by for ryan seacrest's foundation event tonight 
insta11464 i went to hear speak the other night w & very inspiring! to learn more about her go to marianneforcongress.com 
insta11465 how cool is this! thanks for this sketch of my look last night! 
insta11468 :ship::camera: 
insta11469 :elephant: selfie fail lol 
insta11470 design meeting today for 
insta11471 what are sisters for 
insta11472 thank you for the beautiful memories thailand 
insta11473 lost in the world 
insta11474 wish you were here :water_wave: 
insta11478 bro sis bonding :victory_hand: 
insta11479 another glam day with ....how do i look? lol 
insta11480 :star::star:sisters:star::star: 
insta11481 headed to dinner... 
insta11482 getting ready for tune into nbc tonight! 
insta11484 one of my fave pictures from our shoot by annie leibovitz! wearing alexander mcqueen 
insta11485 my look the other day- dress by armenian designer natalia alaverdian. i love her line a.w.a.k.e. shoes by alaia 
insta11486 sunday organizing the closet 
insta11488 celebrating baby shower today with 
insta11489 this is such a dream come true!!! thank you for this cover! o m gggggg!!! i can't even breath! :raising_hands::folded_hands: http://bit.ly/obdfwp go to vogue.com to see behind the scenes video! 
insta11490 beautiful morning 
insta11492 trying to get back to the long hair days 
insta11493 tonight's look- 
insta11494 :lollipop::heart_with_ribbon: 
insta11495 :sparkles: 
insta11496 hi:two_hearts: 
insta11497 i mean....how cute is this guy?!?!?! 
insta11498 happy birthday to my baby bro i love you soooo much!!!! :four_leaf_clover: 
insta11499 yesterday's look- 
insta11501 today is the day! launches today at !!!!!!! 
insta11502 lol 
insta11503 i was so excited for his show! 
insta11504 in paris at kanye's 2nd fashion show 
insta11505 glam breakdown! for eyeliner we used deeply felt eyeliner! it's amazing! i also used our kardashian beauty shimmer called intimate spotlight to highlight. for bronzer we used our cabana bronzer. thank you scheps can do a hair break down! it will be posted soon! 
insta11506 we out miami!!!! 
insta11507 :thought_balloon: 
insta11509 yep stole kylie's bikini...she's not getting it back 
insta11510 quick swim before the dash party! 
insta11512 kiki & koko take miami 
insta11513 today's look- 
insta11516 lots of tears tonight on kuwtk.... tune into e! 
insta11517 a little bahamas glam with :lipstick: 
insta11518 me and my boo 
insta11520 wow walking in the chanel show!!! we all set out alarms to watch online! this is unreal! 
insta11521 look- 
insta11523 sneak peek oscar party glam dress- celia kritharioti. jewels-lorraine shwartz 
insta11524 best part was my baby watching & cheering on my baby sister!!! so sad i missed it! 
insta11525 omg for givenchy!!!! texting her backstage wishing her good luck, anxiously awaiting to watch online, she nailed it!!!! 
insta11526 happy birthday to the legendary elizabeth taylor! forever grateful for your last interview we did together! i will never forget it! 
insta11527 australian shoot 
insta11528 lol 
insta11529 nyc 
insta11530 morning vienna 
insta11531 new york state of mind 
insta11532 og nyc crew 
insta11533 last show yeezus tour 
insta11534 today's look- 
insta11535 :last_quarter_moon: 
insta11536 happy birthday dad! can't believe you would have been 70 today! bet you're up there eating tons of ralph's cake! miss you & love you! 
insta11537 og nyc glam crew! 
insta11538 yesterday's look- 
insta11539 :hundred_points: 
insta11540 baby shopping for my little :baby_bottle::baby:! wearing alaia top, alaia skirt,tom ford jacket, alexander wang boots 
insta11541 another proud sister moment! my gorgeous in marie claire mexico! 
insta11542 proud sister moment. look at my baby sister she looks so grown & gorge!!! 
insta11543 lol 
insta11544 happy birthday !!!!! i love you soooo much!!!! 
insta11545 and i in london 
insta11547 yesterday's look- sample dress, max mara coat, alexander wang boots. glam by me! 
insta11548 couldn't be more excited!!! our 1st baby collection launching march 15th at 
insta11549 mike tyson, sarah jessica parker, tracy morgan, joan rivers, gaga, lindsay lohan backstage at jimmy fallon tonight! 
insta11550 you guys watching jimmy fallon tonight? fun behind the scenes pic with these funny guys, seth rogan & tracy morgan 
insta11551 up in the club 
insta11552 kourtney,kim & khloe take new york 
insta11553 last nights look- 
insta11555 :ring:yes!!!! tune into e now! 
insta11556 10 mins east coast for an amazing episode tonight! tune into e! 
insta11557 tonight on 
insta11558 célfie 
insta11560 valentine's day never ends... :rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose: 
insta11561 a thousand roses :rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose: 
insta11562 my date with yeezus tonight 
insta11563 :red_heart: 
insta11564 2012 shoot with and gorge glam by & 
insta11565 day dreaming 
insta11566 2012 vintage shoot 
insta11567 today's look- 
insta11569 spring 2014 for sears! bit.ly/newkksears 
insta11570 "ya you know what this is....it's a celebration bitchessss" 
insta11571 thank you for these gorgeous dresses for north! xoxo 
insta11572 thank you oscar de la renta for this gorgeous dress for north! 
insta11573 thank you kenzo for this amazing sweatshirt!!! 
insta11574 thank you for north's baby version of the shirt you wore from our cr cover!!! 
insta11575 10 years ago today kanye released his 1st album the college dropout! this was a game changer! could only imagine what you were thinking and feeling today 10 years ago! happy anniversary to the best producer/artist over the past decade!!!! can't wait for the next 10 years! gonna be listening to this album all day. 
insta11576 get ready for tonight's all new episode of keeping up with the kardashisns on e! 9pm 
insta11577 :high-heeled_shoe::high-heeled_shoe::high-heeled_shoe: 
insta11578 a few jay leno appearances 
insta11579 what an amazing night! honored to be a part of the tonight show with jay leno on his last show with sheryl crow, carol burnett, oprah, jack black, chris paul, billy crystal & jim parsons. thank you 
insta11580 tune into jay leno's last show tonight! can't wait for u to hear us sing to him :musical_notes::microphone: 
insta11581 me right now :purple_heart: 
insta11582 yesterday's look- 
insta11583 calendar glam 
insta11584 ladies on the tramp 
insta11585 i'm back 
insta11586 vega$ with 
insta11587 good morning 
insta11588 mason 
insta11589 bff's 
insta11590 having my cake and eating it too 
insta11591 oh just a little gym glam lol 
insta11592 tonight's look- 
insta11593 and i chillin 1998 
insta11594 my guys! 
insta11596 every single alaia dress from the exhibit today, even if made decades ago is still wearable today!!! 
insta11597 thank you mr. alaia for taking me to the palais galliera to see your iconic exhibition! love you!!! 
insta11598 bisous! 
insta11599 yesterday's look 
insta11600 kanye's new interview magazine cover!!! so proud!!! shot by steven klein, interviewed by steve mcqueen 
insta11601 the boys celebrating with franca 
insta11602 happy birthday :birthday_cake: 
insta11603 dinner at mr. alaia's 
insta11604 paris 
insta11605 kanye interview magazine shot by steven klein. interview by steve mcqueen. 
insta11606 keeping up with the kardashians tonight 9pm on e!!!! 
insta11607 oh how things have changed....tune into e tonight and see for yourself! 
insta11608 versailles after dark 
insta11609 get ready!!!! season 9 of keeping up with the kardashians airs this sunday! tune into e! 
insta11611 tune into ellen today! i share some sweet family pics! 
insta11612 ok found my look! thank god! i ran out of time....off to the taping 
insta11613 omg my dress for ellen just broke!!! i have to leave in 5mins...i need help! should i wear this??? 
insta11614 dash dolls 
insta11615 double trouble 
insta11616 love this céline coat 
insta11618 surfing all of this good good good 
insta11619 graining on that wood 
insta11620 meow 
insta11621 heaven 
insta11622 morning 
insta11623 :counterclockwise_arrows_button::UP!_button::counterclockwise_arrows_button::downwards_button::keycap_4::exclamation_question_mark: 
insta11624 me and my grandma mj :red_heart: 
insta11625 please go to paparazzi-reform.org and sign this petition. i respect their right to make a living but it has to be reformed into a safer environment for our children. 
insta11626 and i being oh so cool at 13 years old 
insta11627 cartoon & wanna come play with cartoon and me??? 
insta11628 me and my boo 
insta11629 yesterday's look... celine coat & top, vintage alaia skirt, manolo heels 
insta11630 good morning 
insta11631 fabulous day of philanthropy brainstorming and lacma visit with laura arrillaga-andreessen 
insta11633 lol love this! 
insta11634 :folded_hands: 
insta11635 getting right for the new year 
insta11636 attending the alta moda by mario testino exhibition in ny 
insta11637 meeting up with in nyc 
insta11638 mario testino exhibit with 
insta11639 selfie with 
insta11640 it was an amazing year!!! 
insta11641 i love my fashion icon for wearing this tshirt!!! 
insta11642 like father like daughter 
insta11644 kisses goodnight 
insta11645 last pic of the night! 
insta11646 photo booths are addicting 
insta11647 my girls... 
insta11648 so happy my ride or die and i are reunited!!! love you carlita 
insta11649 mi familia 
insta11650 naughty & nice! :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus: 
insta11651 double trouble 
insta11653 naughty or nice crew 
insta11654 thank you la children's hospital staff for all you do for these children! you are heros! 
insta11655 peace and kisses for christmas!!! 
insta11656 playing peek-a-boo with this little cutie at the la children's hospital with 
insta11657 merry christmas eve 
insta11658 waking up to this :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus::balloon: getting ready for our christmas eve party! 
insta11659 my chi girls 
insta11660 chicago with my sis 
insta11661 smile 
insta11662 i love this lil guy soooo much!!! yesterday was mason's 4th birthday! happy bday mase! 
insta11663 today at the hollywood reporter power 100 woman's breakfast 
insta11665 it's beginning to look a lot like christmas 
insta11668 my besties came out too!!! 
insta11669 last night yeezus show in new orleans with my :yellow_heart: 
insta11670 art lessons! :artist_palette: jeff koons & nori 
insta11671 lol & kanye 
insta11672 which direction is the camera? lol 
insta11673 at the dujour mag party with 
insta11674 kinda obsessed with this teddy bear coat 
insta11675 :Libra::Gemini: 
insta11676 colorful 
insta11677 dashing! 
insta11678 don't miss keeping up with the kardashians: a very merry christmas special tonight 8:30/7:30c on e! 
insta11679 foreva eva 
insta11680 miami nights 
insta11682 show time 
insta11683 bathroom selfie right before yeezus hits the stage 
insta11684 flashback friday philly 
insta11685 morning miami 
insta11686 being away from home for the holidays is hard but i'm so thankful for family & friends like this! i love you guys! 
insta11687 twins :blue_heart::jeans::bomb: 
insta11688 :blue_heart: marina abramović 
insta11689 :red_heart: 
insta11690 loved this look 
insta11691 last nights look- gareth pugh dress, gianvitto rossi heels glam- 
insta11692 last night's show was insane!!! so proud! sold out madison square garden!!! 
insta11693 girls day 
insta11694 he said put your diamond in the sky :gem_stone: 
insta11695 :purple_heart: these girls 
insta11696 saint laurent 
insta11697 beauty tip- i used kardashian beauty intimate spotlight powder called burnish on my cheeks. love the shimmer 
insta11699 i love her :gem_stone::hundred_points::fire: 
insta11700 the og crew. if you don't know now you know! 
insta11701 last nights look 
insta11702 bound2 kanyewest.com 
insta11703 my baby speaking at the harvard graduate school of design 
insta11704 yeezus tour is back 
insta11705 khloe is london last night killing it! 
insta11706 fashion friday....white 
insta11707 yesterday's look 
insta11708 lol 
insta11711 slide :check_mark: dance floor :check_mark:mechanical bull :check_mark:...our party for no reason is almost ready 
insta11712 another flashback.... beach day photoshoot with the family 
insta11713 beach day.... 
insta11714 happy birthday to my best friend we've shared soooo many memories over the past years! i love you! 
insta11715 i hope you had a good birthday mamma 
insta11716 happy birthday to my fabulous mom! you are my best friend, the strongest person i know, you love so hard & are the most supportive woman on the planet! i hope today is filled with lots of :red_heart: & joy! i love you 
insta11717 work day 
insta11718 happy 18th birthday to the sweetest girl i know i hope your adult years are filled with happiness & so much :growing_heart: 
insta11719 jay leno glam wearing our new highlighter & joystick lipstick 
insta11720 san fran glam 
insta11722 his & hers 
insta11723 boo thang :gem_stone: 
insta11724 yeezustour 
insta11725 lol 
insta11726 yeezus time with franca sozzani 
insta11727 let the bday festivities begin vega$ 
insta11728 vegas...we've arrived!!! 
insta11729 today is the day!!! kardashian kollection is available at lipsy! lipsy.co.uk 
insta11730 yes!!! 
insta11731 i have the best brother in the whole wide world! 
insta11732 can't wait for tonight 
insta11734 vegas....you ready? 
insta11735 serious sister moment 
insta11736 tune into e! keeping up with the kardashians is on tonight 
insta11737 i missed waking up with my little :baby_angel: 
insta11738 tbt just hanging with my muse in the givenchy atelier 
insta11739 my cousin has had a lifelong dream of attending a couture fashion show! thank u kanye & givenchy for making her dream come true!!! 
insta11740 last night in paris! this dress pulled off the runway from the givenchy show! styled by & for carine's film mademoiselle c! 
insta11741 my date tonight 
insta11742 omg baby bambi custom shirt for north!!! thank you riccardo! 
insta11743 her very own lab coat! thank you!!! 
insta11744 this is so 2 die!!! thank you alex! can't wait for north to wear this! 
insta11745 can't wait for north to wear these! thank you so much phoebe! 
insta11746 thank you alber for the gorgeous clothes for north! 
insta11747 forever missing you dad. i can't believe it's been 10 years since you passed. not a day goes by that i don't think about u or wish u were here! so many amazing blessings have happened since you've been gone & i wish u were here to see them all! i'd trade them all to have you back but i know you're watching over us protecting & guiding us 
insta11748 later :France: 
insta11749 earlier :France: 
insta11750 :France: 
insta11751 feeling big headed!!! lol :France: 
insta11752 oh nothing... just chillin' :France: 
insta11753 thank you ricky for making this for me the day before the show. i die for you. :France: 
insta11754 bonjour baby :France: 
insta11756 oh no big deal 
insta11759 selfie 
insta11760 chill day with 
insta11761 :copyright::registered: 
insta11762 omg the cover of carine roitfeld's shot by thank you 
insta11763 north 
insta11764 chilling with the creator of instagram 
insta11766 happy birthday to my baby sis !!!! can't believe your 16! i love you so much! 
insta11767 hope you had the best birthday yesterday chonch!!! oh & i see you rob & nana 
insta11768 watching my mom now! couldn't be more proud!!! tune into the kris show now! 
insta11769 oh yeah oh yeah 
insta11770 found another fun shoot! 
insta11771 last from this shoot in cabo! can't wait to go back 
insta11772 should i jump? 
insta11773 remember our cabo shoot! 
insta11774 cabo! 
insta11775 flashback friday - & i jumping off s boat in bora bora 
insta11776 kardashian kollection flashback friday! 
insta11777 rp & i in london watching my :red_heart:perform 
insta11778 necklace sparkling on my face :sparkles: 
insta11779 glam! no fake lashes look with pink cheeks & pink lips! so fresh & sweet :growing_heart: 
insta11780 side parting it today 
insta11781 my besties! 
insta11782 always making me feel special for no reason :rose: 
insta11783 muah :kiss_mark: 
insta11784 happy birthday love you!!!! 
insta11785 pjazz 
insta11786 yesterday's look 
insta11787 i miss you! hurry home 
insta11788 we're baaaaack :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart: 
insta11789 tonight's the night! 
insta11790 fun glam day! 
insta11791 throwback thursday & suzy 
insta11792 me & fun in the sun! 
insta11793 a gem indeed! we were wild! 
insta11794 panda express with a black amex 
insta11795 lol's with 
insta11796 just chillin with my boo today :heart_with_arrow: 
insta11797 pregnancy lips... to the rescue! lol 
insta11798 getting ready for my close up with 
insta11799 omg i almost died when i saw this! 2006 throwback! this ones for u 
insta11800 happy birthday !!!!!! :birthday_cake: 
insta11801 have a good weekend everyone :kiss_mark:be safe 
insta11802 flashbackfriday - terry richardson shoot 
insta11803 flashbackfriday cleopatra elizabeth taylor inspired shoot with terry richardson for harpers baazar 
insta11804 :check_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta11805 eiffel tower at midnight 
insta11806 sante! 
insta11807 midnight in paris 
insta11808 parisian nights with 
insta11809 yesterday's look- saint laurent 
insta11810 our new launched today at shop online at bit.ly/newdpkk 
insta11812 ready nyc?!? with help from :kiss_mark: love her! 
insta11813 me & my girl 
insta11815 :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta11816 :ribbon::purse::growing_heart: i saw her when i was a kid riding in the car with my dad! she looks the same & in the same car! made me smile 
insta11817 awe fun flashback friday of & i in miami! 
insta11818 flashback photo shoot friday! 
insta11819 flashback photo shoot friday!!!! 
insta11821 my baby killin it tonight!!!!! 
insta11822 sleepy 
insta11823 oh hi :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta11824 pretty in pink :nail_polish: 
insta11825 to the best mom & grandma mj!!! i love you so much!!! :yellow_heart: 
insta11826 happy mother's day to my amazing mom!!!! 
insta11827 :speech_balloon: 
insta11828 kk 
insta11829 sooo much fun sis! i miss you 
insta11830 tom ford photo bomb 
insta11831 met ball 2013 thank you & givenchy ! 
insta11832 when we first met 
insta11833 met life 
insta11834 night at the museum 
insta11835 the one & only carine roitfeld 
insta11836 gloves. train. flowers. 
insta11837 baby you're awesome 
insta11838 balmain :blue_heart: 
insta11839 repost 
insta11841 living legend 
insta11842 met ball 
insta11843 date night with my :red_heart: 
insta11844 prada kinda night! styled by biglove 
insta11845 3's company 
insta11846 thank you houston for the amazing love!!!! 
insta11847 swollen feet or a new givenchy tattoo? 
insta11848 sears in willowbrook houston we are here! 
insta11849 another flashback friday 
insta11850 flashback friday 
insta11851 dad & rob 
insta11852 i love these ladies 
insta11853 backstage crew 
insta11854 oh hey b! 
insta11855 ladies in london 
insta11856 tea time 
insta11857 room with a view 
insta11858 atreyu say my name!!!!!! 
insta11859 lighten up 
insta11860 family dinner in greece 
insta11861 enjoying greece with 
insta11862 life is good 
insta11863 :sun: greece lightening :high_voltage: 
insta11864 :blue_heart: heavenly 
insta11865 4:36am can't sleep 
insta11866 recognize 
insta11867 looking in the rear view... 
insta11868 blurry fun! 
insta11870 family affair at the e party! 
insta11871 today's look 
insta11872 today's shoes 
insta11873 good morning new york 
insta11874 nyc nights with 
insta11875 do you think is thirsty? 
insta11876 late night dylan's candy bar run! 
insta11877 hot couple :red_heart: 
insta11878 happy 22 year wedding anniversary to mom & bruce!!! 
insta11879 my mom reviving her stewardess skills to & 
insta11880 rise & shine :sun: 
insta11881 short nails are everything 
insta11882 new at sears spring 2013 shot by ellen von unwerth 
insta11883 cake! 
insta11884 the fam getting ready to surprise kourtney for her birthday! shhhh 
insta11885 happy birthday to my big sister & mentor i love you soooo much!!!! 
insta11886 fam bam 
insta11887 bro night 
insta11888 glam perfume look from the kardashian khaos launch 
insta11889 mtv video awards tonight with 
insta11890 love my hair tonight 
insta11891 vegas road trip with my road dog 
insta11892 glam 
insta11894 my cousin cici looking so fab today in this givenchy dress when alexander mcqueen was the designer! 
insta11895 getting sleepy 
insta11896 :thought_balloon:we're bored xo 
insta11897 look who stole my pregnancy pillow now 
insta11898 season finale of kourtney & kim take miami is on e tonight! tune in! 
insta11899 please grow out bangs! you're officially bugging me! 
insta11900 missed my sis 
insta11901 baby love :yellow_heart: 
insta11902 cheers! dinner date with mason 
insta11903 :green_heart: 
insta11904 flashback friday!!! i miss u :red_heart: lol 
insta11905 matte black 
insta11906 blond hair don't care 
insta11907 khloe got herself a unicorn 
insta11908 killed it in the gym today 
insta11909 photo shoot time 
insta11910 cute easter pics of me, kourtney, khloe & our dad! love these old memories :rabbit_face: 
insta11911 notre dame on easter 
insta11912 mj & me 
insta11913 wearing givenchy today :star: 
insta11914 besitos bernard 
insta11915 bernard is getting wild 
insta11916 we made up 
insta11917 hair talk 
insta11918 more cannes 
insta11919 cannes 
insta11920 on my way to italy 
insta11921 in monaco 
insta11922 happy birthday to my best friend! my ride or die i love you!!! 
insta11923 damn!!! i spoke too soon! my 1st pregnancy craving! 
insta11924 yesterday's look- sweet lanvin dress :ribbon::growing_heart: 
insta11925 guess who i ran into?!? my :red_heart: mr. alber elbaz 
insta11926 me & my darling at the mercer 
insta11927 love hanging out with my girl in nyc 
insta11928 good night new york :night_with_stars: 
insta11929 missing my blonde 
insta11930 fav preggo look from last month! 
insta11931 back shot 
insta11932 yesterday's look 
insta11933 black & white look from this week. 
insta11934 could he be any cuter? 
insta11935 top knot 
insta11936 flashback friday- last months elle magazine styled by 
insta11937 flashback friday- elle magazine 
insta11938 hello...good morning :sun: 
insta11939 me & at the dujour lunch 2 weeks ago! can't wait for our ny event! follow him, he's kinda funny! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta11940 yummy dinner with 
insta11941 and :red_heart: the glam! make up by & hair by 
insta11942 this robe-dress custom made by & 
insta11943 love this look at the temptation premiere 
insta11944 hope you're having a good birthday 
insta11945 another pic celebrating with for his bday last year! we :green_heart:u robbie :four_leaf_clover: 
insta11946 last year in vegas celebrating birthday! time flies 
insta11947 another bday pic of robbie as a baby!!! 
insta11948 what a cool dude happy birthday!!! i love you sooo much! :four_leaf_clover: 
insta11949 thank you make a wish foundation for the amazing introduction last night! i loved meeting you guys! 
insta11950 with tyler perry at our movie premiere for temptation- confessions of a marriage counselor 
insta11951 flashback friday - 3dash dolls 
insta11952 flashback friday- i miss the dominican republic 
insta11953 hairstyle throwback thursday- tossly hair 
insta11954 hairstyle throwback thursdsy- full volumous hair! 
insta11955 hairstyle throwback thursday- high ponytail 
insta11956 hairstyle throwback thursday- old hollywood glam 
insta11957 hairstyle throwback thursday- long ponytail 
insta11958 hairstyle throwback thursday- long curls 
insta11959 i'm so in love :dog_face::red_heart: 
insta11960 me & my baby 
insta11961 look what sent & i just because!!! love you lammy 
insta11962 look who stole my pregnancy pillow?!?!? 
insta11963 tonight on kourtney & kim take miami!!! 
insta11964 look what did to me!!! 
insta11965 just at home trying on clothes! love these shoes! 
insta11966 repost- this pic lol 
insta11967 love this look 
insta11968 awe!!!! 
insta11969 5-1 
insta11970 :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart: 
insta11971 flashback friday- me & my baby daddy in mexico 
insta11972 last nights givenchy look. 
insta11973 airport look- mugler 
insta11974 :red_heart: 
insta11975 kanye, ricardo, joan 
insta11976 working at the pyramids tonight 
insta11977 with my fav photographers mert & marcus :camera: 
insta11978 givenchy show was amazing!!!! congrats ricardo! 
insta11979 kisses :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta11980 my nails :cherries: 
insta11981 flashback friday- me at 4 or 5 years old 
insta11982 fun flashback friday of my mom, aunt shelli & cousin cici! 
insta11983 flashback friday- last pic from the roller skating party 
insta11984 flashback friday- we went with a whole theme for this 80's roller skating party 
insta11985 flashback friday- rollerskating party 
insta11986 is this real!?! life just got a little easier! 
insta11987 another dancing throwback! me leaving dance rehearsals 
insta11988 in my dressing room at dancing with the stars :woman_dancing::woman_dancing::woman_dancing: 
insta11989 good night world 
insta11990 camo birkin!!!! 
insta11991 i see my hand in there 
insta11992 honey pots 
insta11993 cosmo 
insta11994 bangin' baby 
insta11995 more bangs pix 
insta11996 should i cut more blunt bangs? 
insta11997 missing my bangs 
insta11998 my new cosmo cover! 
insta11999 love a red lip & pony tail 
insta12000 fun day working with my high school bff 
insta12001 i miss him too!!!! 
insta12002 i miss this guy so much!!!! 
insta12003 today's glam 
insta12004 last night's look! styled by r&m! hair by clyde, make up by mary 
insta12005 :kiss_mark: 
insta12006 getting no love from last night!!! lol 
insta12007 love her 
insta12008 girls night out ofira & more! 
insta12010 who am i? 
insta12011 penelope knows best 
insta12012 oh how i missed my bff 
insta12013 flashback friday- daddy's little girl 
insta12014 gorgeous award! flashback friday! 
insta12015 flashback friday dad with kourtney & i 
insta12016 awe penelope is wearing the little balenciaga bag i got her for christmas! 
insta12017 happy birthday dad!!! you would have been pretty old today :winking_face_with_tongue::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta12018 lots of laughs with the birthday boy 
insta12019 everyone follow for his bday 
insta12020 happy birthday i love you!!! 
insta12021 photo shoot in herve 
insta12022 more herve at lala& melo's wedding! 
insta12023 more from that same night with chudney! lol 
insta12024 my herve obsession was in full affect 
insta12025 which perfume should i wear today? feeling like i'm in a true reflection mood! 
insta12026 baby hairs :baby: 
insta12027 kardashian kollection at sears! shot by ellen von unwerth 
insta12028 bridget bardot hair!!! 
insta12029 hey.. 
insta12030 i'm feeling happy & protected all thanks to 
insta12031 took a dip in pool for dujour magazine! 
insta12032 love this leggo clutch 
insta12033 waiting for the plane to take off 
insta12034 on my way to nigeria! can't wait! 
insta12035 i love how my family goes in on every holiday! 
insta12036 my new pet panther! 
insta12037 ummm what has done to me? 
insta12038 bo derek braids 
insta12039 rope braid 
insta12040 up do braids 
insta12041 side braid 
insta12042 throwback braid at the angel ball 
insta12045 straight hair don't care 
insta12046 :camera: 
insta12047 bye beautiful rio! 
insta12048 shoe game today 
insta12049 today's outfit- hot pink & hot yellow 
insta12050 last complex pic 
insta12051 more complex images 
insta12052 complex cover 
insta12053 me in a fitting for cannes film festival 
insta12054 kw 
insta12055 remember this green shadow 
insta12056 mugler 
insta12057 speaking at a social media conference today! the look 
insta12058 puff pony tail swag 
insta12059 "i get em custom...you a customer" :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12060 & i messing around 
insta12061 my little mason!!!! 
insta12062 awwww look how little mason was! 
insta12063 kisses 
insta12064 please follow my dear friend on instagram! i'm wearing her jewels in this pic! 
insta12065 hahaha 
insta12066 petey got a little too close for comfort earlier 
insta12067 super bowl sunday :american_football: 
insta12068 quick stop in mia... now back to la! 
insta12069 - real 
insta12070 morning glam 
insta12071 the secret garden 
insta12072 lets go mississippi! can't wait to see u for my fragrance signing! 
insta12073 fausto puglisi!!! thanks for picking out my fab dress! 
insta12074 how cute is this....window washers at a children's hospital!!!! 
insta12075 i want 
insta12076 kylie modeling her kendall & kylie collection 
insta12077 my mom is kinda major 
insta12078 i love this man 
insta12079 just one bite! 
insta12080 loving braids 
insta12081 as if! 
insta12082 ayso soccer 
insta12083 well hello there! 
insta12084 happy birthday love you sooo much!!!! 
insta12085 thanks for the amazing shoot ellen! xo 
insta12086 photo shoot today with ellen von unwerth! 
insta12087 photo bomb 
insta12088 what on earth is going on?!? 
insta12089 meow 
insta12090 fun girls night!!! but where's my nose ??? lol 
insta12091 kim-blonde ambition kourtney- express yourself 
insta12092 glam time!!! 
insta12093 twinkle twinkle little star :sparkles: 
insta12094 meetings with :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12095 heavenly 
insta12096 so sex & the city! 
insta12097 bus in australia 
insta12098 :high_voltage: 
insta12099 balmain 
insta12100 sooo dope!!! look it's u & me mixed! 
insta12101 good morning 
insta12102 tbt go carting with kanye in "$6000 pair of shoes that made it to the paris news" 
insta12103 tbt who has go carts on the runway!!!! 
insta12104 since i'm in paris on this tbt i'm posting pics from kanye's paris fashion show! 
insta12105 the don strikes again!!! 
insta12106 peek a boo 
insta12107 nails right now 
insta12108 tbt makeupbyjoyce 
insta12109 i'd scream!!! 
insta12110 sometimes... 
insta12111 paris at night :France::snowflake::red_heart: 
insta12112 what an amazing stephane rolland show!!!! 
insta12113 who's ready???? 
insta12114 avatar style with 
insta12115 some handsomeness at the givenchy show 
insta12116 get ready.... kourtney & kim take miami airs tomorrow!!!!!!! 
insta12117 pet antelope...they're really friendly! 
insta12118 more behind the scenes of my photo shoot 
insta12119 behind the scenes 
insta12120 mirror mirror on the ceiling... 
insta12121 11 hr flight....6 hrs to go!!! 
insta12122 home just for a few hours... off to africa now! 
insta12123 waking up to a slice of heaven :rose: 
insta12124 fun birthday lunch!!!! 
insta12125 may all your wishes come true :birthday_cake: 
insta12126 love this look 
insta12127 kisses khroma :mouth: 
insta12128 i cut bangs for real this time! thanks :person_getting_haircut: 
insta12129 help!!!! :baby::baby::baby: 
insta12130 family dinner at the azoff's is never a dull moment! 
insta12131 happy birthday ali!!! 
insta12132 repost!!! tao las vegas 2010 
insta12133 throwback thursday 2008 
insta12134 ain't nobody fresher than my clique 
insta12135 this pap fell asleep on the job missed my whole miami beach photo shoot!!! 
insta12136 lazy night at house with 
insta12137 lord disick or loading dock???? 
insta12138 girl time 
insta12139 love my cousin cici 
insta12140 girls night out with 
insta12141 last night fun with my bestie 
insta12142 lanvin fur 
insta12143 danced all night with my girls :red_heart::woman_dancing: 
insta12144 heaven 
insta12145 concert time with 
insta12146 snow 
insta12147 sky 
insta12148 water 
insta12149 earth 
insta12150 gingerbread house!!!! 
insta12151 yum! 
insta12152 omg it doesn't end!!!!! best christmas gifts ever! thank u for these one of a kind chain heels!!!! 
insta12153 christmas came earlier thanks to !!!!! love you giuseppe! thanku 
insta12154 fun shoot today he just can't control his scissor hands! 
insta12155 it's all about spending holidays with the ones you love and pretty lights! 
insta12156 at serendipity &really want this frozen hot choc but gonna be good & eat this tuna salad instead 
insta12157 thomas in the house!!! 
insta12158 kimbo & kimbo 
insta12159 such a fun dinner last night congrats 
insta12160 love you mase 
insta12161 my birthday boy! :birthday_cake: 
insta12162 should someone get a haircut for their birthday lol :scissors::person_getting_haircut: 
insta12163 follow on instagram for the hottest people & what they are doing over the holidays - gr8 pics! 
insta12164 oh betty!!! 
insta12165 there u go, fixed now. 
insta12166 kourt asked if my earring was a m for mason... sorry kourt it's just upside down 
insta12167 i love my gold iphone 5 by http:/:anostyle.com -- thanks 
insta12168 heat/knicks game with my fam & 
insta12169 cool bolo tie dad! & i 1987 
insta12170 i miss my 
insta12171 my klique 
insta12172 thank you rushka bergman for this amazing spread in the current italian vogue!!! 
insta12173 italian vogue 
insta12174 temptation 
insta12175 dash 
insta12176 last day in jonathan's car before he gets his new one 
insta12177 still haven't changed from my workout 
insta12178 frozen hot chocolate time!!! 
insta12179 retail therapy 
insta12180 gold rush 
insta12182 today's outfit 
insta12183 love coming home to the beautiful rainbow :rainbow: 
insta12184 look what i saw at the airport 
insta12185 got camels milk??? 
insta12186 such a fun day in bahrain!!! 
insta12188 camels in the desert of bahrain 
insta12189 i miss you so much 
insta12190 best spa! thanks for everything!!! 
insta12191 i love the pepsi cans here! i hope it's diet! 
insta12192 loving kuwaiti designers! thank you laila m. hanbali for these vintage pieces! 
insta12193 fresh airport look 
insta12194 i miss my sisters 
insta12195 kuwaiti refreshments 
insta12196 meeting with the us ambassador to kuwait, matthew tueller 
insta12197 just touched down in kuwait!!! riding to the hotel now! so excited to be here! 
insta12198 i found this pic of us at one of our many fun vegas nights! 
insta12199 the miss vogue shoot shot is stunning! 
insta12200 kendall's legs... i'm jealous! 
insta12201 so proud of cover of miss vogue 
insta12202 so sleepy :ZZZ:quick nap in between filming 
insta12203 someone's sleepy!!! 
insta12204 the pippen gang!!!! 
insta12205 me & preston 
insta12206 please welcome to instagram!!!! 
insta12207 garlic noodles 
insta12208 flashing lights 
insta12209 :red_heart::purple_heart::blue_heart: love these 2 & bruce 
insta12210 khloe looks stunning tonight on x factor! so proud of you you were born to do this! 
insta12211 xfactor were in the building!!!! 
insta12212 exactly dashuniverse!!!!! love you kimklover!!!!! i love all of our dash dolls so much!!!! 
insta12214 love 
insta12215 side part kinda mood today 
insta12216 today's look 
insta12217 dinner 
insta12218 sick!!!!! 
insta12219 cruel summer kanye west giuseppe zanotti heels 
insta12220 kardashian kollection 
insta12221 my dates tonight! living it up! 
insta12222 london look 
insta12223 more is more!!! 
insta12224 today's look 
insta12225 last night 
insta12226 haider ackerman dress 
insta12227 get it you're doing so good on xfactor tonight! 
insta12228 bout to go paddle boarding with & 
insta12229 rawr 
insta12230 stop trying to photobomb 
insta12231 we are being so lazy! & i can't get up for dinner! 
insta12232 dinner with 
insta12233 gangnam style 
insta12234 my baby 
insta12235 hanging out at the ema's with & 
insta12236 getting ready to walk out on stage to present the award for best song! 
insta12237 i miss mercy! 
insta12238 at dorothy perkins now! our mannequin's have swag 
insta12239 terry richardson & i shooting at chateau marmont 
insta12240 we're taking over 
insta12241 trying to get up & start my day! loving london :United_Kingdom: 
insta12242 love my kardashian kollection dress i got today at dorothy perkins! 
insta12243 kardashian kollection models at our launch party! 
insta12244 sister time 
insta12245 our 1st dorothy perkins customers!!! 
insta12246 happy birthday i love you sooooo much!!!! 
insta12247 happy birthday http://bit.ly/rdy15s i love you and i'm so proud to call you family! 
insta12248 follow on instagram & twitter for amazing pics of on what's hot & not. 
insta12249 sending in my absentee ballot now!!! make sure you vote!!!! 
insta12250 happy birthday i love you so much!!! 
insta12251 happy birthday mommy 
insta12252 thanks for the amazing tape dispenser!!! i love it!!! 
insta12253 awe such an old school pic! kendall is so tiny! can't believe she's 17! 
insta12254 happy birthday !!!! i love you soooo much!!!! 
insta12255 khloe looks so gorge on the cover of yerevan magazine 
insta12256 this morning on my way to the gym. couldn't be prettier 
insta12257 feeling catty 
insta12258 intruders beware! 
insta12259 bang bang :water_pistol: 
insta12260 just got all of our khroma beauty products!!! glam time!!! 
insta12261 such a beautiful day in miami 
insta12262 cat woman & batman 
insta12263 me & batman last night! 
insta12264 our bat clique last night! anthony, me, kanye, jonathan, kourtney, scott 
insta12265 our batmobile last night!!! 
insta12266 throwback thursday no filter can fix this lol 
insta12267 throwback thursday 
insta12268 call me maybe?!? 
insta12269 too cute!!!! :cat_face: 
insta12270 wake up 
insta12271 :green_heart::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta12272 kinda loving this blonde wig! should i dye it for real? 
insta12273 rainbows, glitter & a pesky from my boys 
insta12274 fun times last night 
insta12275 too much midori 
insta12276 love my girls 
insta12277 halloween nights! 
insta12278 me & my captain! 
insta12279 halloween party fun with 
insta12280 splash 
insta12281 sneak peak 
insta12282 sex & the city kinda day! 
insta12283 question- if the united states had a royal family who would it be? answer- ..... 
insta12284 throwback thursday me & yeezy 2008 
insta12285 twerk 
insta12286 i just wanna chill in my sweats all day! 
insta12287 love this glam michael silva & 
insta12288 date night! 
insta12289 kisses 
insta12290 zzz 
insta12291 my fave shoes 
insta12292 ms. mercy 
insta12293 make up by hair by 
insta12294 sisterly love 
insta12295 new kardashian kollection outfit today! 
insta12296 beautiful miami 
insta12297 stay off the road!!!! 
insta12298 fun night in miami last night with giuseppe zanotti & 
insta12299 my 2 fav boys!!!! :high-heeled_shoe::high-heeled_shoe::high-heeled_shoe: 
insta12300 has anyone tried the baby ring trick? kourtney's is accurate!!! 
insta12301 black liner messy hair kinda day 
insta12302 glam gods 
insta12303 rawwwr!!! halloween costume shopping 
insta12304 shine bright like a diamond :gem_stone: 
insta12305 kisses we missed each other!!! 
insta12306 guess who's in town?!? 
insta12307 i sent this poster to at camp maybe 10 years ago! 
insta12308 the new golden girls 
insta12309 i'm craving this 
insta12310 wearing "kourt's ready for a pedi" from nicole by opi sold at dash 
insta12311 dash 
insta12312 new kardashian kollection dress at dorothy perkins!!! 
insta12313 glam sesh with !!! glam is on another level today! 
insta12314 behind the scenes for our dorothy perkins launch shoot! 
insta12315 :kiss_mark::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta12316 morning kisses 
insta12317 ate too much of this last night! 
insta12318 no more online shopping for me! 
insta12319 the louis vuitton don strikes again! 
insta12320 so shady 
insta12321 get off my scott disick 
insta12322 still in my pj's 
insta12323 morning mercy 
insta12324 fun day with my scarecrooooows lol 
insta12325 cutest little girl in the world! miss you sophia 
insta12326 perfect day out in miami with 
insta12327 penelope's shoe closet 
insta12328 my miami shoe closet :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta12329 last nights look! ysl dress, tom ford heels. make up hair 
insta12330 ready for my night out with cosmopolitan mag 40th anniversary in mexico city 
insta12331 kisses gonna miss you !!!! 
insta12332 ain't no body fresher than my clique 
insta12333 what you gonna do...when you have in the house!!!!! 
insta12334 lord disick in the house! 
insta12335 were goin out tonight... it's goin down! 
insta12336 chowing down at chows 
insta12337 playtime!!! 
insta12338 pajama party 
insta12339 guess who's trying to photo bomb! 
insta12340 sisterly :blue_heart: 
insta12341 cuddle buddies 
insta12342 feeling blue :blue_heart: 
insta12343 v magazine 
insta12344 sunday funday 
insta12345 oh yeah 
insta12346 balenciaga booties 
insta12347 hmmm tupac is alive and working?!? 
insta12348 ready to row 
insta12349 saturday morning cruising 
insta12350 ready to workout 
insta12351 look who fell asleep on the arm of the couch :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta12352 torturing bruce with 
insta12353 i love my jennifer meyer tiny star earrings & necklace 
insta12354 crazy view 
insta12355 lashes 
insta12356 morning kisses 
insta12357 don't tell me i'm not good at keeping secrets! 
insta12358 will the real kris jenner please stand up!!! 
insta12359 north star & the moon :crescent_moon::star: 
insta12360 kinda embarrassing!!! twin travel buddies! i love my mom 
insta12361 ghostface killah 
insta12362 glammed up for my midori party by none other than & frankie! 
insta12363 ditto 
insta12364 not so relaxing day at the beach today 
insta12365 he loves her 
insta12366 kisses kitty :kiss_mark::cat_face: 
insta12367 fluffy 
insta12368 mercy wants the iphone 5 :cat_face::crying_face: 
insta12369 i don't think mercy wants me on the computer anymore lol 
insta12370 we're catching up on emails together! 
insta12371 i was on cloud 9 
insta12372 happy birthday seems like yesterday we were 14!!! love you 
insta12373 thank you so much melbourne!!!! what a fun day!!! 
insta12374 sexy glam team 
insta12375 i miss her :cat_face: 
insta12376 melbourne is gorgeous! 
insta12377 how cute is my hotel in melbourne!!! they put a pic of mercy by my bed! 
insta12378 on a boat on the harbor with & 
insta12379 :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta12380 hi aussie!!! 
insta12381 please have mercy on my shoes 
insta12382 good taste 
insta12383 the cat in the hat 
insta12384 any idea what is doing??? 
insta12385 sleeping beauty :cat_face: 
insta12386 hi 
insta12387 my new baby mercy! 
insta12388 meet mercy 
insta12389 oh hi!!!! 
insta12390 room with a view 
insta12391 wow the mayor of yonkers named today national kardashian sister day!!!!! thanks yonkers!!!! 
insta12392 thank you so much to everyone who came out to support at sears in yonkers 
insta12393 see you soon! 
insta12394 pump up the jam!!! pump it up!!! 
insta12395 mommy, daddy , baby 
insta12396 on our way to yonkers!!!! are you ready sears??? 
insta12397 in this kinda mood today 
insta12398 how cute is this!!!! thanks hayden williams!!! 
insta12399 black & white 
insta12400 mix & match- balmain blazer, k-dash lace top, kardashian kollection skirt, tom ford heels, guiseppe zanotti heels 
insta12401 ny times today!!! 
insta12402 burgandy's , faux fur, tweed & lace!!!! our best collection 
insta12403 guess who is trying to steal pieces from our new collection... 
insta12404 in our kardashian kollection showroom! 
insta12405 good morning america! we're on our way! 
insta12406 fashion tip- hold onto classic pieces, u never know when they will make a comeback 
insta12407 is that an angel i see 
insta12408 lights camera action 
insta12409 kylie working the runway!!! 
insta12410 never forget 
insta12411 my view 
insta12412 can't sleep...setting up my new black & gold blackberry! 
insta12413 sweet dreams :glowing_star: 
insta12414 goodnight 
insta12415 goth 
insta12416 morning :sun: 
insta12417 lol 
insta12418 just finished an amazing workout!!! 
insta12419 what an amazing victory 
insta12420 :baby_angel: my angel 
insta12421 i love this glow!!! 
insta12422 :mouth: 
insta12423 his & hers 
insta12424 going green 
insta12425 bye nyc 
insta12426 it's that kinda night! 
insta12427 stole your pic ummm why are you blurry? :enraged_face: 
insta12428 the crew 
insta12429 this is how we do.... private plane & wendy's! dnc party here we come 
insta12430 fierce glam tonight by 
insta12431 loving this slicked back hair by michael silva 
insta12432 me & my bff allison 1989. we had lunch today, not much has changed! 
insta12433 friends fashion fun 
insta12434 ohhhh 
insta12435 usual sister talk :nail_polish: 
insta12436 :victory_hand: 
insta12437 look whose on the cover 
insta12438 dorthy perkins kardashian kollection shoot with 
insta12439 dark nails for fall 
insta12440 during & after 
insta12441 the finished product!!! 
insta12442 try this at home :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12443 wanna see how contours?! 
insta12444 at our uk kardashian kollection shoot! glam 
insta12445 forever grateful to elizabeth taylor! she lent me this robe she wore in cleopatra! shot by terry richardson 
insta12446 chanel 
insta12447 kardashian kollection pants with kanye west shoes. perfect match :winking_face: 
insta12448 before :enraged_face: & after :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta12450 g.o.o.d music 
insta12451 made in america festival virgil 
insta12452 heading to philly real quick 
insta12453 3chainzzzzz 
insta12454 aaliyah hair today :red_heart: 
insta12455 this anklet my mom & bruce gave to their bridesmaids at their wedding! i was 11yrs old, still have it! 
insta12456 bf time 
insta12457 bff time 
insta12458 night swimming 
insta12459 late night snack 
insta12460 walk a mile in my shoes 
insta12461 pink lemonade 
insta12462 can't wait to show u what the shoot is for!!! 
insta12463 photobomb 
insta12464 fab hair day 
insta12465 long day at work 
insta12466 on set with 
insta12467 20 years later & were all still bff's! fun weekend reunion! xela sarah ash ali nicole simone lindsay kourt zoe shelly 
insta12468 late night fitting 
insta12469 floating 
insta12470 nighty night 
insta12471 family pow wow with 
insta12472 be silly :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12473 business meeting with my baby bro 
insta12474 vintage shoot today with 
insta12475 70's shoot today with 
insta12476 loving my new nude nails :nail_polish: 
insta12477 a grill pacifier! omg 
insta12478 kimyecray 
insta12479 :winking_face_with_tongue: attack! 
insta12480 mad hatter baby shower 
insta12481 omg gotta love !!! i need this ring! 
insta12482 trying khroma blue eye liner today! look at my little freckle on my eye lol 
insta12483 sneak peek of kardashian kollection holiday!!!! 
insta12484 kardashian kollection coming to the uk!!!! 
insta12485 hair done nails done everything did 
insta12486 blonde hair don't care 
insta12487 guess what i'm doing right now 
insta12488 business women swagggggg 
insta12489 so sophisticated lol 
insta12490 think this dress is an oz designer...i'm getting inspired 
insta12491 september issues :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta12492 my mom and dad! 
insta12493 my daddy & auntie shelli 
insta12494 love this hair!!! 
insta12495 check out a sneak peek of my vmag shoot with nick knight!!! love him 
insta12496 night night :ZZZ: 
insta12497 hi 
insta12498 yacht life 
insta12500 rock hard 
insta12501 rock climbing lol 
insta12502 let's face it 
insta12503 mirror mirror 
insta12504 happy 20th birthday demdem!!!! i love you 
insta12505 how cute mason!!! i miss him soooo much! 
insta12506 rings and things 
insta12507 sandy beach day :spiral_shell: 
insta12508 heaven 
insta12509 besitos :kiss_mark: 
insta12511 they're calling me an alien a big headed astronaut...maybe that's bc my boy yeezy gets... :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12512 i'm ready for abduction 
insta12513 i feel dizzy 
insta12514 wow my laptop looks magical! 
insta12515 night swim 
insta12516 night shoot 
insta12517 omg look at my initials! lol 
insta12518 another classic! koko & daddy! 
insta12519 who knew my mom had instagram!!! 
insta12520 welcome to instagram! 
insta12521 me ke aloha :spiral_shell: 
insta12522 aloha :hibiscus: 
insta12523 how i feel right about now :oncoming_fist::enraged_face: 
insta12524 omg bday flashback from 2yrs ago! fun memories 
insta12525 just got off the phone with then found this pic! lol cray night! miss u t! 
insta12526 night night :ZZZ: 
insta12527 happy sunday 
insta12528 more split personalities 
insta12529 split personalities 
insta12530 shut your mouth when you talk to me before i embarrass you!!! 
insta12531 me :purple_heart: u girls! 
insta12532 love you kyles 
insta12533 posting kylie pics for her bday :birthday_cake: 
insta12534 happy 15th bday sis aka 
insta12535 eating healthy today 
insta12536 daddy & me! 
insta12537 me in mexico 2008 
insta12538 his & hers! 
insta12539 fresh airport look...celine leather sweat pants, helmut lang t shirt, kanye west for guiseppe zannoti heels 
insta12540 heaven 
insta12541 love you 
insta12542 would you take stock advice from kris jenner? lol luckily it's not my mom & there's a professional fund manager w the same name 
insta12543 serena just sent me this pic! awww i miss them! love you 
insta12544 air needs me 
insta12545 swim good | 
insta12546 way to blur me out 
insta12547 sipping on some crush 
insta12548 wishing my prince was here with me tonight 
insta12549 longer & lighter hair for the summer...do you like? 
insta12550 puppy love :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart: 
insta12551 :bikini: 
insta12552 pool time :person_swimming: 
insta12553 look what made! me & madonna at age 31. love this robby!!! 
insta12555 what would i do without 
insta12556 bun kinda mood today! 
insta12557 day dreaming about you 
insta12558 killin' it today in my kanye west boots! 
insta12559 bedtime snack 
insta12560 i love playing dress up :dress: 
insta12561 lost in my thoughts 
insta12562 finding my inner sophia loren 
insta12563 lights camera action 
insta12564 make a wish 
insta12565 bling bling 
insta12566 nyc life 
insta12567 if you're a bird...i'm a bird 
insta12568 took a stroll lnite w my boyfriend & ran into my bff 
insta12569 sunglasses & advil...last night was mad trill 
insta12570 kisses 
insta12571 luxe 
insta12572 yacht life with 
insta12573 golden 
insta12574 his & hers 
insta12575 trying to take a pic of us in a moving far is not so easy! lol 
insta12576 eye spy 
insta12577 looks like a scene from the notebook 
insta12578 me & peter dundas from pucci! i love his clothes!!! 
insta12579 love these givenchy sunglasses! 
insta12580 i love this latex skirt! 
insta12581 another ugly infamous cry face for the records :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta12582 magic mountain fun today!!! kendall screaming, kanye laughing & me crying! 
insta12583 i missed my girl kisses :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta12584 laughing with 
insta12585 good morning miami 
insta12586 saturday suntan 
insta12587 sweet paris memory 
insta12588 horsing around 
insta12589 horse back riding 
insta12590 sunrise summertime shoot! 
insta12591 just bought it! dope album 
insta12592 new kardashian kollection dress with belle noel jewelry 
insta12593 happy birthday i love you soooo much!!!! 
insta12594 instyle 
insta12595 love this glam 
insta12596 soooo excited for tonight!!! 
insta12597 how cute is this book koko if they just got the spelling right it would be perfect for us! love you 
insta12598 happy birthday i miss you & love you soooo much!!!! 
insta12599 happy birthday i love you soooo much 
insta12600 look at this old school pic us in chicago! 
insta12601 glowing in the dark 
insta12602 cute pic at the airport before we came to paris! 
insta12603 stopped by the eiffel tower tonight! 
insta12604 luxury chef...the hermes of soul food 
insta12605 mommy & koko 
insta12606 daddy & koko 
insta12607 how cute was baby i'm posting some cute koko pics for her bday! 
insta12608 ready for my close up!!! 
insta12609 i just love her 
insta12610 chilli's baby back ribsssss 
insta12611 dash la coming very soon!!! 
insta12612 flying home & this is what i see... didn't know there was such a city! :jack-o-lantern: 
insta12613 lamborghini merci... excuse my french when i'm in france...i'm just sayin' 
insta12614 to eat or not to eat? 
insta12615 i spy the eiffel tower 
insta12616 magical 
insta12617 pretty & pink in paris!!! :hibiscus::cherry_blossom::tulip: 
insta12618 how romantic :sparkles::heart_with_arrow::glowing_star: 
insta12619 eiffel tower treat! :France: 
insta12620 oh hiiiii paris!!! 
insta12621 kisses for khroma :kiss_mark: 
insta12622 tgif 
insta12623 if the shoe doesn't fit you must acquit lol 
insta12624 late night top ramen noodles with lawry's garlic salt 
insta12625 mom&bruce 
insta12626 hehe 
insta12627 :strawberry: shortcake! 
insta12628 sisterly love 
insta12629 family bbq 
insta12630 bored 
insta12631 timing is everything 
insta12632 i love him :red_heart::green_heart::purple_heart::blue_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta12633 should i or shouldn't i? 
insta12634 my blog got a make over! http://kimkardashian.celebuzz.com/ 
insta12635 didn't know rolodex's still exist!!! my mom is old school! 
insta12636 oh just me & can't wait for you to see "oprah's next chapter" this sunday! 
insta12637 new camera & lighting crew?!? 
insta12638 kourt & khloe are twins & me and my mom are twins!!! great minds think alike! 
insta12639 his & hers! 
insta12640 at brunch with koko... how is it that the eggs are fluorescent yellow? 
insta12641 getting my dress sewn up! i think we can make it work... :downcast_face_with_sweat: 
insta12642 threesome 
insta12643 he says "sour kiki" 
insta12644 rob's invisible friend bernard is sitting next to kourt....so rob says :flushed_face: 
insta12645 spending the day with my grandma mj 
insta12646 look at the photo on the wall in my grandmas store shannon & co! i was 7yrs old 
insta12647 lajolla beach 
insta12648 silly time :winking_face_with_tongue::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta12649 yesterday hanging with one of my longtime friends marla! 
insta12650 kisses 
insta12651 good pose good nose! lol live this glam 
insta12652 different pose different nose! lol that's why i always pose w my chin down or extra contour word 
insta12653 can you say 5 hour energy drink for the 1am to 3am hour live qvc show! oh yeah oh yeah 
insta12654 are you ready!!!!!!! tune into now!!! 
insta12655 ready for my close up 
insta12656 finishing touches before i go live on 
insta12657 love this dress 
insta12658 me & at my esquire shoot! love you char!!! 
insta12659 behind the scenes at my esquire cover shoot 
insta12660 esquire cover 
insta12661 me & magic johnson 1989 
insta12662 thanks to all you 2million sexy beasts out there for following me on instagram! so heres a little present of me in full on beast mode! lol 
insta12663 love this make up !!! 
insta12664 wet & wild 
insta12665 pink... it's my new obsession 
insta12666 scary 
insta12667 isn't this seahorse adorable!!! :tropical_fish::fish::dolphin: 
insta12668 liar liar 
insta12669 khloe's pet peacock peety just chilling on the patio! 
insta12670 like mother like daughter...we're both wearing our nicole by opi color "smile for the glam-era" 
insta12671 cutest pic of & my daddy! 
insta12672 oldie but goodie 
insta12673 peace :victory_hand: 
insta12674 oh yeah oh yeah 
insta12675 the fab 4 is in the house!!!! 
insta12676 love this shot nick knight took!!! 
insta12677 i loved minnie mouse when i was little 
insta12678 i miss him 
insta12679 old school family photo 
insta12680 family bbq for birthday!!!! 
insta12681 last week i was in my other other benz 
insta12682 this is how i caught & at the airport passed out sleeping! lol 
insta12683 what did you guys think of keeping up with the kardashians last night??? love the fam show! 
insta12684 lord disick in the house!!! lol 
insta12685 good morning baby henry. i have a gift for you! 
insta12686 watch the throne 
insta12687 keeping up with the kardashians season 7 premiere is on tonight on e!!!! 
insta12688 runaway 
insta12689 meal with my baby on the throne before the show! 
insta12690 i miss my silly mase man!!! 
insta12691 season 7 of keeping up with the kardashians starts tomorrow!!!! omg 
insta12692 getting ready for a big night ahead with tim & tom lol (tims & tom fords) 
insta12693 we helped the iguana out to safety! thanks joefrancis 
insta12694 this was in our swimming pool in mexico, how scary!!! 
insta12695 last month in mexico with mason!!! 
insta12696 flashback friday! lovd this pic of me a few weeks ago in nyc 
insta12697 whhhhaaaaaattttttt :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta12698 handsome boys 
insta12699 i'm missing new york 
insta12700 oh yeah melissa, erin & andre!!!!! let's have a drink! 
insta12701 amazing shoot today for vogue italia! thank you & for your creative genius!!! 
insta12702 the tannerexic mom has some serious competition!!! lol 
insta12703 cake cake cake cake cake 
insta12704 i love you 
insta12705 thank you joe francis for bringing me home the best present ever!!! i'm addicted to tamarindo candy! 
insta12706 happy mother's day mom!!!! this is how much you mean to us!!!! :squinting_face_with_tongue::winking_face_with_tongue::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta12707 what would we do without the glam squad??? 
insta12708 photo shoot fresh 
insta12709 i miss the dominican republic 
insta12710 i think i see a real ufo!!!! 
insta12711 the pregnant woman made us do it!!! grrrr 
insta12712 help!!!!! 
insta12713 love our new kardashian kollection for sears striped maxi dress!!! 
insta12714 no fake lashes today! 
insta12715 sunday chill day 
insta12716 fiesta fiesta :woman_dancing::woman_dancing::woman_dancing::woman_dancing::woman_dancing: 
insta12717 hola 
insta12718 we're getting annoying & loving it!!! lol 
insta12719 mustache crew 
insta12720 let the festivities begin 
insta12721 it must be a full moon, feel like one of those nights 
insta12722 i'm breaking these in tonight! 
insta12723 thanks mate :OK_hand::OK_hand::OK_hand: 
insta12724 lavash & string cheese 
insta12725 wow just put on blast!!!! 
insta12726 can u spot who is wearing kardashian kollection & who is wearing kdash??? 
insta12727 i'm bored.... ohhhh hiiiiiii!!!!!! 
insta12728 play time with & 
insta12729 kisses :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta12730 blonde hair don't care! :princess: 
insta12731 gluten free is the way to be....oh hiiiiiiiiiiii 
insta12732 rock star 
insta12733 cheers to instagram! thanks for the love guys!!! 
insta12734 guess who's pregnant!!! :baby: 
insta12735 who needs a mirror when i'm driving car!?! 
insta12736 scott's sick new car! chrome! 
insta12737 kiki & coco love her!!! 
insta12738 fun night with the beautiful 
insta12739 meeting martha stewart was iconic! cute pic from tonight of i w & 
insta12740 pretty funny speech i must admit 
insta12741 mr. & mrs. obama!!! 
insta12742 hi 
insta12743 i might be grilled out nicely 
insta12744 mason said aarrrggghhh matey!!! lol 
insta12745 made yummy creme brûlée 
insta12746 cooking lessons tonight with koko 
insta12747 decided to not eat the cake! this pic put me in check ! lol 
insta12748 should we or shouldn't we???? 
insta12749 a little best friend time with 
insta12750 meet shelli, henry's baby sister! 
insta12751 flash a little bright but here's the after pic!!! 
insta12752 glamming up with a little confused by her new technique but i know it will be fab! will post after pic 
insta12753 money tall like jordan 
insta12754 thanks to everyone who came to support us! you know i gotta rep for the chi! :winking_face: 
insta12755 silly at sears! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12756 loving our new kardashian kollection outfits! available at sears now! 
insta12757 koko & kiki 
insta12758 most dedicated fans ever!!! can't wait to meet you guys tomorrow! stay warm! love you! 
insta12759 i've waited sooo long for the perfect hot pink heel! i'm in love! 
insta12760 make up by mario! :thumbs_up::growing_heart::lipstick: 
insta12761 silver catherine malandrino dress & hot pink casadei heels! 
insta12762 i'm goin out tonight...it's goin down :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12763 i'm in love with these new giuseppe zanotti's!!!! 
insta12764 kissy face! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta12765 much needed vacay!!! 
insta12766 party of one...i'm not afraid 
insta12767 my favorite snack ever! there goes my good eating :enraged_face: 
insta12768 yum!!!!! 
insta12769 photo shoot 
insta12770 kiki & koko twinzies 
insta12771 welcome home koko!!!! 
insta12772 family dinner & look who i see..... wearing the new belle noel! 
insta12773 jean jackets for spring time 
insta12774 i love my sisters :red_heart::green_heart::blue_heart::purple_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta12775 then and now i love you! 
insta12776 heading to dinner with he always dresses like this! lol 
insta12777 oh hi giuseppe!!! 
insta12778 mommy & me matching! 
insta12779 typical scenery in hidden hills 
insta12780 breakfast of champions!!!! 
insta12781 round two :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta12782 mason's easter look 
insta12783 armenian brunch... beeshe! 
insta12784 the ultimate barbie & the ultimate doll hanging 
insta12785 love running into captain jack at fao schwartz with 
insta12786 loving my foot chain & anklet! 
insta12787 double trouble 
insta12788 make you take a second look.., 
insta12789 adios!!! 
insta12790 corn row swag! 
insta12791 love my all black bling mac book! 
insta12792 good night!!! 
insta12793 :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta12794 i need a drink! lol 
insta12795 my friend made this! wow 
insta12796 look at this cute mini fragrance set from 
insta12797 what i would look light with light eyes 
insta12798 love fun spring colors all mixed together! 
insta12799 mason making meals and deals! 
insta12800 how cute is this! 
insta12801 to live and die in la is the place to be... 
insta12802 one of my fab dresses my sisters & i designed a few years ago 
insta12803 striped alaia 
insta12804 how sexy do & look here! 
insta12805 icon 
insta12806 traded his hat for a kiss! 
insta12807 how cute is in our snake skin kardashian kollection top! 
insta12808 fierce! lol look at belly! 
insta12809 cute skirt here! need to wear this again soon! 
insta12810 loving my louboutin's here! 
insta12811 what are you looking at!!! 
insta12812 temptation island 
insta12813 love waking up to this! 
insta12814 always fighting over clothes with 
insta12815 throwback thursday lol me playing soccer at 6 years old 
insta12816 cutest kid alive! 
insta12817 killed it today in the gym with 
insta12818 i'm having a craving for cotton candy! i need to fight thru this! lol 
insta12819 wearing my white jade bracelet from elizabeth taylor on jay leno tonight 
insta12820 double trouble 
insta12821 duh!!!!! tell em nah mean 
insta12822 look who i saw at the gym! get fit or die trying! 
insta12823 awww for lil ol me? 
insta12824 sooo glad is on instagram!!!! now we need to get simon addicted! 
insta12825 simply stunning 
insta12826 how cute is this st. pattys day hat! 
insta12827 how pretty is my momma!?! 
insta12828 mom gone wild 
insta12829 birthday boy 
insta12830 happy birthday robbie!!!! 
insta12831 like mother like daughter 
insta12832 sisterly love at kardashian khaos 
insta12833 stopped in the kardashian khaos store in the mirage hotel 
insta12834 let the festivities begin!!! 
insta12835 kendall & i are like arnold schwarzenegger & danny devito 
insta12836 even the little sisters are coming to vegas! 
insta12837 that's a wrap! 
insta12838 silly on set :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta12839 waiting around on set! 
insta12840 glamming it up with my divas makeupbymario & frankie! 
insta12841 hotlanta is not the same without dinner with love you! 
insta12842 chillin with where is my nose in this pic! lol 
insta12843 more mason kisses 
insta12844 cheese :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta12845 kisses 
insta12846 can't sleep tonight ... 
insta12847 walmart in atlanta! i got so excited! 
insta12848 last blonde hair pic! no more wigs i gotta try lighter again! 
insta12849 might go lighter like in this pic 
insta12850 i miss my real blonde hair 
insta12851 what's up i'm bored 
insta12852 blonde hair don't care 
insta12853 mason says "kiki look i'm doing a yoga pose" ummm how does he know that?!?! 
insta12854 how cool!!! my friends oscar! 
insta12855 took mason & bruce to dinner! yummy 
insta12856 game of doubles! 
insta12858 dance party with 
insta12859 my true reflection perfume just arrived! 
insta12860 red head 
insta12861 do blondes have more fun? 
insta12862 that's a wrap! midori shoot is done! 
insta12863 throwback thursday...me & 
insta12864 i spy midori green everywhere! 
insta12865 on set. leggo! 
insta12866 choc chip or sprinkle sugar? 
insta12867 pasta primavera with sausage! 
insta12868 cooking tonight 
insta12869 go-karting in heels ain't easy... 
insta12870 eating lunch &they tell me i can test positive for drugs by eating this! oh my anyone heard of this? 
insta12871 baby doll look today :baby: 
insta12872 getting ready for my close up :lipstick::person_getting_massage: 
insta12873 and a little bit of glitz & glam! 
insta12874 so nude:woman’s_sandal::woman’s_sandal::woman’s_sandal: 
insta12875 goodnight:squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta12876 rainbow bright 
insta12877 is bigger really better? :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12878 kim why??? stop now! 
insta12879 mason wanted to play tennis too! 
insta12880 tennis anyone??? 
insta12881 hi!!!! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta12882 sister swag 
insta12883 :kiss_mark::growing_heart::balloon: 
insta12884 lettttts go!!!!!!! happy friday! 
insta12885 but i love them sooo much! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta12886 they drive me crazy :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta12887 sweatpants hair tie chillin with no make up on 
insta12888 family dinner tonight! i love my sissy's!!! 
insta12889 lorraine schwartz outta do.... 
insta12890 before & after 
insta12891 closet glam! 
insta12892 on my isabel marant swag today 
insta12893 sleeping beauty :ZZZ: 
insta12894 i mustache you a question...but i'll shave it for later :man: 
insta12895 someone needs a wax! lol 
insta12896 waiting in the car for kourtney...hurry!!! lol 
insta12897 aunt kiki love 
insta12898 quadruplets lol 
insta12899 throwback thursday-amber,me, & mary in miami 
insta12900 nerd 
insta12901 i'm so full, i've been trying!!! :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta12902 dream car 
insta12903 taking it back old school... me, mom, dad & khloe 
insta12904 happy birthday dad! celebrating with angels 
insta12905 star light star bright :glowing_star::sparkles: 
insta12906 i love my sisters! 
insta12907 i feel like a kid in a candy store! loving my girl new loren jewels collection! 
insta12908 kinda obsessed with my belle noel wish bone collection! 
insta12909 lookie lookie mason sneaking a cookie! 
insta12910 testing testing.... testing out the effects 
insta12911 painted my nails with "it's all about the glam" by nicole by opi 
insta12912 my first instagram pic... kisses for instagram! 
insta12913 performing with on the show. 
insta12916 tour on sale now :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:. happy valentine’s day. . tickets at https://www.justinbiebermusic.com/ 
insta12917 thank you so much for all the love on can’t wait to bring you this tour. changes tour goes on sale now noon local. see you there. 
insta12918 20 minutes until the album. tomorrow at noon local the changes tour goes on sale. see you out there. thanks 
insta12919 ‪yes. just one hour until ‬the album. tour on sale goes up tomorrow at noon and is real. 
insta12920 2 hours until 
insta12921 3 hours to go. 
insta12922 4 hours until 
insta12923 5 hours until the new album 
insta12924 thank you jesus for your forgiveness! thank you jesus that when i was lost you found me, thank you that you brought be from death to life! thank you that once i was blind but now i see! thank you for giving your life up on the cross so that i could have eternal life! true life on earth and life abundantly! thank you for the promises you have for me! thank you that i am protected from the hidden traps of my enemy!! i am honored to serve you all the days of my life! 
insta12925 6 hours until the new album 
insta12926 almost here. less than to go until the new album 
insta12927 changes tour tickets on sale tmrw noon local justinbiebermusic.com . going to be amazing 
insta12928 watching the news i couldn’t imagine how scary it would be if a new disease was effecting my wife and my family and friends. china we stand with you as a collective humanity and have made a donation to support. whether it be this or the fires of australia we all need to be there for eachother. shout out to my friend for the conversation. 
insta12929 love riding my bike 
insta12930 less than 24 hours until the new album 
insta12931 2 days until the album 
insta12932 really powerful talk with my guy . 
insta12933 3 days until the new album 
insta12934 blessed to have art on my body from the greats and 
insta12935 streamed artist in the world. so grateful. thank you. new album out this friday 
insta12936 thank you so much 
insta12937 if you want make a video of yourself talking about the changes you have endured in this past season or the changes you are about to endure! how are you going to adapt to those changes, accept those changes, and move forward with love! tag me on twitter and we can keep the conversation going! were in this together! 
insta12938 album out friday. 
insta12939 daddy misses you oscar u stinker 
insta12940 it's a celebration 
insta12941 5 days until the new album 
insta12942 took these :fire: pics for 
insta12943 here we go. bringing out a little surprise tonight 
insta12944 vibes for the day 
insta12946 be unapologetically yourself 
insta12947 another day, another challenge.. remember what kobe taught us! perseverance, determination, faith! you got this !! 
insta12948 ricardo the mustashio loves you 
insta12950 happy husband :) 
insta12951 just a reminder, to be the best you mentality 
insta12952 ricardo loves intentions 
insta12953 10 minutes 
insta12954 almost time. tonight. 
insta12955 4 hours to go. 
insta12956 rain man 
insta12958 thanks diggzy 
insta12959 picture perfect you don't need no makeup 
insta12960 young jb . 
insta12961 nyc bound 
insta12962 and the announcement... my new single feat out with our new video this friday february 7th 
insta12963 started as . thank you 
insta12965 this is legit the whole vibe. ur a whole snack. justin don't say that it's weird. 
insta12973 i am committed working the hardest, never settling for less than greatness! you taught us that 
insta12974 remix tomorrow 
insta12975 opposites attract 
insta12977 :eyes: 
insta12978 :eyes: 
insta12979 :eyes: 
insta12980 :eyes: 
insta12984 my stash my life deal with it haha 
insta12985 starts now card members get early access to tickets now thru 2/13 at 10pm 
insta12986 starts now card members get early access to tickets now thru 2/13 at 10pm 
insta12987 starts now card members get early access to tickets now thru 2/13 at 10pm 
insta12988 ep 2. out now. the legend 
insta12989 my new album out feb 14. pre-order and get the new track with my friend ‘get me’ now . link in bio 
insta12990 i love you . thank you so much 
insta12991 bringing presented by thurs 1/30 10am thru thurs 2/13 10pm 
insta12992 love u tons bubz 
insta12993 my new album out feb 14. pre-order and get the new track with my friend ‘get me’ now https://justinbieber.lnk.to/changes 
insta12995 starts today 
insta12996 it can't be. you always encouraged me mamba. gave me me some of the best quotes that we smile about to this day.! love you man! 
insta12997 " yeah these are my only intentions " 
insta12998 congrats lucian for your hollywood star! pretty awesome achievement! 
insta12999 thank you for always catching these cool moments 
insta13001 stay on the lookout for james cordon coming up 
insta13002 thank you dr christie kid for the help with my skin it helps a lot with the way i feel 
insta13003 take joy in all of the wonder and beauty's god has done in your life! god will give you the desires of your heart 
insta13004 justin zukie 
insta13005 oh and feb 8. 
insta13006 january 27, january 28th, january 29th... february 14th 
insta13009 my bro 
insta13010 1 week 
insta13011 i don't post this to prove anything, or to try and make people believe i love my wife, i simply think it's an honoring thing to do, publicly acknowledging your significant other! its like we're all okay with acknowledging an achievement or award, but think there has to be something shady about saying something publicly about the one you love. i have nothing to prove by saying i love my wife. i just think there is power in putting ur wife on a pedestal! i like to make my wife feel special and valued, ive done a lot of cool things but i dont think anything comes close to as cool as that 
insta13012 getting back in tip top shape 
insta13014 lookin fly as hell in the brown drew chords 
insta13015 10 years :eyes: 
insta13016 movie night with bae 
insta13017 getting married is the most rewarding thing i've ever done 
insta13018 xo 
insta13019 thank you 
insta13021 thanks everyone. so thankful. couldn’t have done it without you. you had to go and make a banger smh! haha ur the man!! love the song!! congrats on your first everyone go stream thanks guys. top 5. thank you. 
insta13022 2 weeks 
insta13023 nothing better than wifey and i at a game! go leafs go 
insta13025 mood 
insta13026 singing to you like :musical_note: 
insta13028 me and wifey date day 
insta13029 thank you jesus for leading the way!! thank you for showing me compassion, giving me the grace to grow and loving me through everything!! no matter what happens in life i know you are always good and your love for me never changes no matter what i do!! you loved me before i did anything to earn or deserve it and for that i say thank you jesus! 
insta13030 love you guys!! 
insta13031 coolest guy around 
insta13032 putting some videos up on my youtube today to say thank you for all the love on breaking records. thank you. go to my channel to see if you recognize anyone 
insta13033 while a lot of people kept saying justin bieber looks like shit, on meth etc. they failed to realize i've been recently diagnosed with lyme disease, not only that but had a serious case of chronic mono which affected my, skin, brain function, energy, and overall health. these things will be explained further in a docu series i'm putting on youtube shortly.. you can learn all that i've been battling and overcoming!! it's been a rough couple years but getting the right treatment that will help treat this so far incurable disease and i will be back and better than ever no cap 
insta13036 yeah babe yeah babe yeah babe 
insta13044 wtf haha 
insta13045 congrats to the boys 
insta13060 new lids 
insta13062 this is a lie from the pits of hell, my pants will stay sagging 
insta13063 thanks for letting me have some space in toronto king :crown: 
insta13064 nyc baby 
insta13065 i love making music, creating art that gives people joy! i love following the plans god has for me! i love walking with jesus as he leads me into green pastures! i love that jesus gave his life so that l can now walk in freedom! i'm thankful that god loved me far before i did anything to earn or deserve it! which is why i am honored to spend my life giving him the recognition and praise he deserves !! thank you for loving me at my worst! you are a good god !! thank you jesus!! 
insta13067 :framed_picture: 
insta13070 less than 3 hours. 
insta13071 4 hours. 
insta13072 5 hours. 
insta13073 love from the biebers 
insta13077 how bout 10 thousand dollars to charity i score and you donate to a charity of my choice and we film it. 
insta13078 friday january 3....january 4 noon... january 27 noon... 
insta13079 friday january 3 
insta13080 thank you 
insta13081 all natural ... this non-greasy, non-sticky plant-based deodorant has been fortified with magnesium and activated charcoal. this charcoal and magnesium deodorant is a vegan deodorant and certified cruelty-free 
insta13082 friday 
insta13083 friday 
insta13084 friday 
insta13091 loved working with these two bone heads. thanks for making this a reality!! i hope a lot of people see this and overcome their obstacles!! god has huge plans for every single one of you 
insta13092 here we go. 
insta13093 happy new year from the bieber's 
insta13094 check out the trailer on youtube nowww 
insta13095 now. january 3. january 4 noon. january 27 noon. 
insta13096 seasons. 
insta13097 seasons. trailer on now. 
insta13098 seasons. 
insta13099 presave 
insta13100 december 31 noon ... january 3... january 4 noon ... 
insta13101 tomorrow 
insta13102 december 31 noon ... january 3... january 4 noon ... 
insta13103 my girls 
insta13104 friday 
insta13106 this is where it's at 
insta13107 december 31 noon... january 3... january 4 noon... 
insta13108 december 31 noon... january 3... january 4 noon.... 
insta13109 december 31 noon ... january 3... 
insta13110 december 31... january 3... 
insta13111 december 31 ... january 3... 
insta13112 we're making a a change one lid at a time. thanks 
insta13113 i know they could leak but it was easier to drink out of.. the coffe would come out better.. these new lids are uncomfortable on the mouth, and you get very little liquid each drink it's a damn outrage and needs to be changed back. tbh it shouldn't be plastic find a way to be recyclable let's change the world 1 lid at a time 
insta13115 got out on the ice with all of my childhood hockey buddies oh and these 3 legends and 
insta13116 the boys. 
insta13117 family my lil cuz 
insta13118 merry christmas to my beautiful sisters 
insta13119 super-trailer on youtube now 
insta13120 december 24, december 31, january 3 ... 
insta13121 december 24, december 31, january 3 ... 
insta13122 december 24, december 31, january 3... 
insta13128 my gift this year 
insta13129 december 24, december 31, january 3 ... 
insta13130 december 24, december 31, january 3 ... 
insta13131 december 24, december 31, january 3 ... 
insta13143 love putting outfits together 
insta13144 drew vibes 
insta13145 issa vibe 
insta13146 forever thanks 
insta13147 the bro 
insta13148 :red_heart: 
insta13149 the new color turned out fire 
insta13150 when i was young i was uneducated and found myself saying really hurtful things not knowing the power of my words. racism is still very prevalent and i want to use my voice to remind we are all human being and all of equal value before god! 
insta13151 art auction!! proceeds to families in need. love, the biebers 
insta13152 i'm determined this holiday season to take ownership of all my shortcomings and work on them for myself and the ones i love! what is your goal? 
insta13153 watching the prince of egypt with my wife such nostalgia 
insta13154 got the ice on lock 
insta13156 letsss gooooo 
insta13158 fit game strong 
insta13160 photo taken by this is animal instinct, not cruel or unfair. just nature and a part of life. it is beautiful. don't be afraid sad or disgusted by this it is nature, natural.. circle of life.. 
insta13161 love you lil bro! 
insta13162 happy birthday babes! you make me want to be better everyday! the way you live you life is so attractive.. ps you turn me on in every way :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: next season babies 
insta13166 vs 
insta13168 the drew house 
insta13169 valley vibes 
insta13171 happy birthday owen wilson 
insta13173 and friends :) 
insta13174 win or lose i am ride or die 
insta13176 my green machine 
insta13177 my green machine 
insta13181 socks 
insta13183 i’m working with and to change the conversation around mental health + promote self-care. a hug is proven to reduce stress and make you happier. share your hug pic using 
insta13188 my magestic cat 
insta13195 reality .. logan paul champion 
insta13197 bay bieber 
insta13199 love to see in :fire::fire::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta13200 bike rides in la 
insta13202 :fire: :fire: :fire: :flushed_face::flushed_face::flushed_face: 
insta13206 follow 
insta13208 follow my kitty’s 
insta13209 :crown: :boxing_glove: early knockout prediction what’s yours? 
insta13210 love you big bro. been too long. miss you dog! :goat: 
insta13211 took a road trip by myself to pray, think reflect.. time to get back to wifey :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta13212 ................:movie_camera::eyes::musical_notes: 
insta13213 teaching my lil bro how to sk8 . well.... as well as i know how, until he gets better then me then will have to learn from uncle 
insta13214 bonafide stallion, ain’t in no stable no you stay on the run. 
insta13215 home sweet home! 
insta13218 any night any day, say the word on my way. 
insta13219 photo taken by 
insta13221 the goat 
insta13222 dad and son date 
insta13223 let’s go leafs 
insta13224 :camera_with_flash:: seen on account.. 
insta13225 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: sexy wifey alert :police_car_light: favorite human ever 
insta13226 “save our friend” my inspired pumpkin 
insta13227 that time caught me in this lit fit 
insta13228 :money_bag: my home 
insta13229 even paparazzi know the deal. 
insta13230 i love this little girl sooo much 
insta13233 i made her necklace 
insta13235 thanks u for 1 million!! 
insta13236 follow my fam and 
insta13239 go leafs go.. thanks (made it a little tidier) 
insta13240 sittin here watchin the leafs game with my new gifts thanks again 
insta13241 whoever wants to buy my home reach out 
insta13242 i’ll sell it with all the furniture . make an offer 
insta13243 i think i wanna sell my home in beverly hills who wants it. 
insta13244 home vibes, but i wanna sell it i think anyone interested? 
insta13245 home vibes 
insta13246 home vibes 
insta13247 home vibes 
insta13248 home vibes 
insta13249 home vibes 
insta13253 i think the kids name beside me was hal i beat him at chess i do remember that. 
insta13254 squad 
insta13255 second grade bleach blonde hair settin trends early 
insta13256 i’ve been bleaching my hair way longer these guys out here 
insta13257 find me. i’m the only lit one with a headband 
insta13258 shoutout my boys nolan and 
insta13259 watch my my family grow up follow my dog 
insta13260 kitty family follow 
insta13261 follow my cat family 
insta13262 happy birthday chaz!! you are the funniest, kindest, coolest person i know and i’m better because your in my life. excited for what the future holds 
insta13263 this photo is real! whale shark biggest fish in the ocean :camera_with_flash: (sorry i didn’t credit you right away i seen this photo on someone else’s page and didn’t know it was you til i seen someone post on the comments) and i didn’t block you not sure where that came from.. seen the screenshot on your page of my page which is impossible if the person has you blocked. 
insta13264 yeeee 
insta13266 even thugz get married 
insta13267 my bwide (say it out loud even if your a thug it’s cute) 
insta13268 1989 italian comics 
insta13269 1989 italian comics 
insta13270 1989 italian comics 
insta13271 1989 italian comics 
insta13273 i don’t know why you looked superimposed in this photo but u do.. anyways i love you 
insta13274 follow me and my dog we won’t let you down with cute content 
insta13275 to see all of the intamate moments of me and my dog oscar follow him here 
insta13276 me and 
insta13277 young johny and old johny 
insta13279 photos showing me bring a bomb ass :fire: sandwich that i made for my assistant santi. check my story for a play by play 
insta13280 alfredo!! i love you more than words can express and jaden you are my little brother for life!! i love the man you are and are becoming so proud of you!! baby your my number 1 
insta13281 u were so handsome when u were younger 
insta13282 video is out now 
insta13283 video today. 
insta13285 3 hours 
insta13288 are my children 
insta13290 looking forward to forever with you 
insta13291 my bride is :fire: 
insta13292 got my self a lil wedding gift ... thanks 
insta13293 me and the wife! and the in laws !! thanks for lettin ur daughter marry a savage like me :cold_face::cold_face::cold_face::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::smiling_face_with_hearts::winking_face_with_tongue::winking_face_with_tongue::winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta13294 daaaaa bears 
insta13295 for all the kitty love you can handle follow my cats tuna and sushi on instagram i’ll send my millionth follower drew gear 
insta13296 best fwiends 
insta13297 my wife and i :) where it all began 
insta13300 you rock man !!! thank you so much!!! 
insta13301 thanks your awesome 
insta13302 thank you !! 
insta13303 yuh you see you soon 
insta13304 help me choose my tuxedo for the wedding here are two more options 
insta13305 help me choose a tux for my wedding. it’s between these three 
insta13309 it’s a movement. we are a community 
insta13311 halloween is coming what r u gonna dress up as? 
insta13312 found a side hustle 
insta13314 is this real life walked over and they were legit all cuddling.. esther gets back today i wonder how she will be with everyone 
insta13315 big bro 
insta13317 congrats on the new installation in melbourne! 
insta13321 k i’m done 
insta13322 my kiddos 
insta13323 becoming a crazy cat man 
insta13324 a little art piece i made for my boy shoutout my little companions... who wants me to make 10 of these and sell them?? 
insta13325 love you my brother for life. known you like 10 years now !! 
insta13327 ur my inspiration 
insta13329 gluten free toast steak sunny side up eggs and avacado (thanx) 
insta13331 better at 70 baby. i love you more everyday. you challenge me, strengthen me and your overall way cooler and more awesome than i am and i’m okay with that 
insta13332 here + now means being present and enjoying the moment. check my story to try my collab with before it hits stores 
insta13334 getaways with you are all i need 
insta13335 top ramen 
insta13336 hope you find time to read this it’s from my heart 
insta13337 i also just found out that i’m related to both ryan gosling and avril lavigne this is the best day of my life.. it seems super legit it’s on ancestry.com 
insta13338 me and the sprouse twins looked so similar as a baby. i coulda subbed in for them for big daddy. comment yes or no down below! :squinting_face_with_tongue::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta13339 thanks for the jersey. 
insta13340 :fire::fire::fire::fire::fire: 
insta13341 my gramma just shared this with me. share of this helps u 
insta13343 i’m getting a cat tomorrow and the name will be sushi :sushi: !!! thanks guys! i can call her sooosh magooosh and i’m very happy about it. i can also in a baby voice call her tooshieee bum bum or . shooshi wowl .. read it outloud how it’s spelt . also sushi poo.. or just tuna 
insta13345 guarantee any room i step into tomorrow i will have the best fit, guarantee it. don’t confuse my confidence for cockiness 
insta13348 :musical_notes: :musical_note: “couches we stand on couches we stand on couches outfit after new outfit after new outfit “ :musical_notes: :musical_note: 
insta13349 i promise is a good follow 
insta13350 “my style is﻿ impetuous, my defense is impregnable, and i'm just ferocious. i want your heart. i want to eat his children. “ 
insta13351 it’s about time we get another movie from the man, the legend ryan gosling 
insta13352 my style is impeccable 
insta13353 vacation :check_mark_button: 
insta13354 :artist_palette: :framed_picture: 
insta13355 i fall more in love with you every single day. you are the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. i would be lost with out you. 
insta13356 i got that water 
insta13359 shoutout chris leonard 
insta13361 it ain’t worth it if you don’t work 
insta13362 go best friend that’s my best friend 
insta13363 it’s lit 
insta13364 every where that i go it’s a light show i’m surrounded bust down bust down bust down bust down bust down bish i’m drownin 
insta13365 love you 
insta13366 it’s a vibe my favorite! 
insta13370 love you boys, i’m beyond grateful to walk this life with you! 
insta13371 wow the bougainvillea looks epic 
insta13373 thanks for supporting 
insta13374 it’s so lit it’s not even funny 
insta13375 bougainvillea pants, and the mascot. 
insta13376 great word chad! bougainvillea pants with the mascot t 
insta13378 i love you so much 
insta13380 smartest person i know! love you allison! happy bday 
insta13381 so proud of you. remix 
insta13382 love dates with you baby.. one day ill be doing daddy daughter dates..... not hinting at anything soon i’m not in a rush. i just wanna enjoy you by yourself for a while! 
insta13383 we’re with you bro go sign this petition!! 
insta13384 my lips get jealous of my arms cuz i can hold you with them 
insta13385 updated my stickers again 
insta13386 outfits for the week! comment your favorite look 
insta13388 roman crushing it 
insta13389 chillin in my hyperbaric chamber 
insta13391 hey taylor. first of all i would like to apologize for posting that hurtful instagram post, at the time i thought it was funny but looking back it was distasteful and insensitive.. i have to be honest though it was my caption and post that i screenshoted of scooter and kanye that said “taylor swift what up” he didnt have anything to do with it and it wasnt even a part of the conversation in all actuality he was the person who told me not to joke like that.. scooter has had your back since the days you graciously let me open up for you.! as the years have passed we haven’t crossed paths and gotten to communicate our differences, hurts or frustrations. so for you to take it to social media and get people to hate on scooter isn’t fair. what were you trying to accomplish by posting that blog? seems to me like it was to get sympathy u also knew that in posting that your fans would go and bully scooter. anyway, one thing i know is both scooter and i love you. i feel like the only way to resolve conflict is through communication. so banter back and fourth online i dont believe solves anything. i’m sure scooter and i would love to talk to you and resolve any conflict, pain or or any feelings that need to be addressed. neither scooter or i have anything negative to say about you we truly want the best for you. i usually don’t rebuttal things like this but when you try and deface someone i loves character thats crossing a line.. 
insta13392 these are the moments i live for.. alone time with you refreshes my soul. you are so out of my league and i’m okay with that! you are mine and i am yours 
insta13393 my favorite new mug 
insta13394 studio mode 
insta13400 ‪goodnight from the bieber’s and oscar .. esther is still in training cuz she won’t stop peeing everywhere smh :left_arrow:( literally hate that hashtag) it’s like bro ur not in the gym 7 days a week u clown and if you are the jokes on u cuz u need to give ur body time to recover ya jackass..next time instead of saying just write 
insta13405 studio vibes.. with my studio chicka .. 
insta13406 new nickname for her every day today she’s my goo goo :red_heart: 
insta13407 ready for here + now… new collab coming this fall with 
insta13408 i don't care video out friday. tomorrow. 2pm bst 
insta13409 video friday ... tomorrow 
insta13410 i don’t care music video out frieday :writing_hand: = 
insta13411 holy cow thank you guythhh thank you for letting me be apart of this 
insta13412 tonight 
insta13413 i have a song with this sexy beast coming out friday. less than 48 hours. 
insta13414 pre save now. 
insta13415 new song with this guy 
insta13416 my friend brandon did this song enjoy he’s the one rapping 
insta13418 ballin like mj 
insta13420 everyone wants to wait til people die to give them the credit they deserve. i’m calling it now when cb passes away after a long full life, you will miss what you had in front of you the whole time ... trust me watch you will see. the people who have over looked this mans talent ... you need to reevaluate! love you 
insta13421 don’t stop fighting the battle has already won.. fight for what you love and who you love don’t let fear and anxiety win..god has not given us a spirit of fear but of power love and of a sound mind! i havent believed the truth about myself i haven’t believed i am loved i haven’t believed i am forgiven it’s a hard thing for me to wrap my head around. i hang my head in shame and i wallow in sadnes about the the people who have betrayed me. jesus has given me freedom and the persuit of getting to know his character is never ending. gods character never changes he is the same yesterday now and forever. he is always good!. i won’t be afraid to be vulnerable before him.. his power is made strong in our weakness. god isn’t afraid of your pain and your brokenness he actually welcomes it. come to me all who are weary and burdened and i will give you rest! these are words from jesus! there is hope and it’s in him.!! he loves and cares for you! for god so loved the world that he gave his only son so that whoever believes him wont die but have eternal life! you are that whoever and he accepts you as you are!! he loves and forgives you and welcomes you into his arms every time you mess he is a perfect and loving god who adores you! 
insta13423 10 
insta13424 10 
insta13425 10 
insta13427 fire congrats bro it’s like you never left wow this is fire on repeat love it uh oh he’s back 
insta13433 dear lord please be with austin mathews, mitch marner and all of the toronto maple leafs tonight as they play game 7 against the boston bruins.. 
insta13434 this is horrible. i hate this with a passion.. stop the hatred please! i don’t understand how people can be so ignorant and hateful please repost! 
insta13435 ari u are a class act 
insta13436 this is my bean 
insta13437 like i never left 
insta13439 once a pimp always a pimp 
insta13440 dear god, please bless the toronto maple leafs to win this game in jesus name 
insta13441 :droplet: 
insta13443 walt disney and apostle paul. 
insta13444 laura ingraham absolutely disgusting what you did on national television. how dare you laugh in the face of a person who has passed on. doesn’t matter who it is. but disrespecting someone’s who was a pillar in the community and did right by people? did you not think about the family who just lost a love one and now have to see you mock him on national television it’s absurd and you should be fired period. 
insta13447 tears.. so proud of this man 
insta13448 the internet gotta chill :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: jailey for real 
insta13451 my baby is :fire: 
insta13452 coachella better be this good this year 
insta13453 sunlight falls into the abyss just like i fall into your lips waves crash onto the shore my love for you grows more and more sound of the crickets a true meditation i think about you, gods greatest creation. as i fall into this blissful state i ponder on how you’re my one true soulmate its getting dark to dark to see a chilling breeze embraces me the smell of camomile fresh from the garden my life is a movie that both of us star in. speaking of stars i’m starting to see some they light up the sky, reminds me of my freedom how big and how vast our world is around us so grateful for god we were lost but he found us so i write the poem with him always in mind things all around us just get better with time. i fall more in love with you every day! you have walked hand and hand with me as i continue to get my emotions, mind, body and soul in tact! you have given me so much strength, support , encouragement and joy. i just wanted to publicly honor you, and remind you that the best is yet to come! have a great shoot today my love! 
insta13454 please listen to mike posner album all the way through preferably as you go to sleep.. it will put you in a trance love you mike 
insta13458 happy bday 
insta13459 missed your bday bro sorry happy late bday 
insta13460 happy birthday mama you are appreciated when i was young, me and my mama had beef seventeen years old, kicked out on the streets though back at the time i never thought i'd see her face ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place suspended from school, and scared to go home, i was a fool with the big boys breakin' all the rules 
insta13461 there’s always gonna be people offended, there’s also people who don’t take jokes very well, i am a prankster and it was april fools. i didn’t at all mean to be insensitive to people who can’t have children. a lot of people i know, their first go to prank on april fools is telling their parents they are pregnant to get a big reaction. but i will apologize anyway and take responsibility and say sorry to people who were offended. i truly don’t want anyone to be hurt by a prank.. it’s like when i shoved cake in my little sisters face for her birthday expecting her to laugh but she cried. you sometimes just don’t know what will hurt someone’s feelings not to compare pregnancy with cake in the face but it’s just to paint the picture of not knowing what will offend. some might have laughed but some were offended .. i think with pranks u sometimes have to roll that dice. 
insta13462 wait omg is that a,,, april fools 
insta13463 if u thought it was april fools 
insta13466 rip 
insta13467 kp you will always be remembered for the stunning woman you were inside and out.. 
insta13468 ! finna dunk on the world like king james with the summer bangers:prohibited::billed_cap: lebron is the most iconic figure of my generation, and president obama 
insta13470 so i read a lot of messages saying you want an album .. i’ve toured my whole teenage life, and early 20s, i realized and as you guys probably saw i was unhappy last tour and i don’t deserve that and you don’t deserve that, you pay money to come and have a lively energetic fun light concert and i was unable emotionally to give you that near the end of the tour. i have been looking, seeking, trial and error as most of us do, i am now very focused on repairing some of the deep rooted issues that i have as most of us have, so that i don’t fall apart, so that i can sustain my marriage and be the father i want to be. music is very important to me but nothing comes before my family and my health. i will come with a kick ass album asap, my swag is undeniable and my drive is indescribable his love is supernatural his grace is that reliable.... the top is where i reside period whether i make music or not the king said so. :crown: but i will come with a vengeance believe that.. (grammar and punctuation will be terrible pretend it’s a text where u just don’t care). 
insta13472 drew 
insta13474 me and my guy 
insta13475 just wanted to keep you guys updated a little bit hopefully what i’m going through will resonate with you guys. been struggling a lot. just feeling super disconnected and weird.. i always bounce back so i’m not worried just wanted to reach out and ask for your guys to pray for me. god is faithful and ur prayers really work thanks .. the most human season i’ve ever been in facing my stuff head on.. 
insta13478 thehouseofdrew.com 
insta13479 thehouseofdrew.com 
insta13481 swag 
insta13482 friends with no expectations are the best 
insta13486 you wear so well 
insta13487 love you to pieces unc snoop, 
insta13489 drew new drop soon “ that dripppp”” head to toe drew drip with my wife’s balenciaga jacket oouuieeee 
insta13491 :red_heart: 
insta13492 jasper at prom 
insta13493 me and dad 
insta13495 meet our dogson his name is 
insta13496 wait a minute that’s my gurl dog 
insta13497 happy late thanksgiving to everyone. first thanksgiving as a married man, first time hosting thanksgiving. first time both sides of the family has come together. relationships are hard and love isn’t always easy but thank you jesus for showing me how! every day is a learning process, trying to be more like him, patient, kind, selfless, boy i got a long way! but gods grace is sufficient ! 
insta13499 meet my nephew 
insta13500 love you quincy never knew your mom. but i know how special you are so i know your mom must have been amazing!! love you so much and my prayers are with you and your family 
insta13501 my prayers are with corentin and his family. corentin is the man behind the camera at shots. he was hit by a car while crossing the street and the driver took off. he’s in critical condition with friends and family by his side. my heart is also with the shots family. 
insta13502 my wife is awesome 
insta13503 my little bean 
insta13504 hunny buns punkin 
insta13505 we rumble 
insta13506 esther is super dog for halloween 
insta13508 thanks for signing my shoes bron bron 
insta13509 meet the newest bieber, my little sister bay bieber 
insta13511 no brainer video out now 
insta13512 tomorrow 
insta13513 allison u cray cray gurl 
insta13515 was gonna wait a while to say anything but word travels fast, listen plain and simple hailey i am soooo in love with everything about you! so committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly. i promise to lead our family with honor and integrity letting jesus through his holy spirit guide us in everything we do and every decision we make. my heart is completely and fully yours and i will always put you first! you are the love of my life hailey baldwin and i wouldn’t want to spend it with anybody else. you make me so much better and we compliment eachother so well!! can’t wait for the best season of life yet!. it’s funny because now with you everything seems to make sense! the thing i am most excited for is that my little brother and sister get to see another healthy stable marriage and look for the same!!! gods timing really is literally perfect, we got engaged on the seventh day of the seventh month, the number seven is the number of spiritual perfection, it’s true google it! isn’t that nuts? by the way i didn’t plan that, anyways my goodness does feel good to have our future secured! were gonna be better at 70 baby here we go! “he who finds a wife finds a good thing and obtains favor from the lord!” this is the year of favor!!!! 
insta13516 here’s post with my little brother post has no tats here 
insta13518 your a beautiful person posty! truly an honor to know you my brother! 
insta13519 everyone cop the best rapper of all times new album tonight at midnight 
insta13520 dad 
insta13521 dad i love you more than words.. i would do absolutely anything for you. i can’t wait to hug and kiss you happy father’s day 
insta13525 man crush monday crap it’s tuesday..... 
insta13526 i absolutely adore every little thing about you my precious baby bro 
insta13528 you taught me everything everything you've given me i'll always keep it inside you're the driving force in my life, yeah there isn't anything or anyone that i could be and it just wouldn't feel right if i didn't have you by my side you were there for me to love and care for me when skies were gray whenever i was down you were always there to comfort me and no one else can be what you have been to me you will always be you will always be the girl in my life for all times 
insta13531 favorite song right now 
insta13532 i don’t wear clothes i wear outfits - judah smith 
insta13533 cuteness overload 
insta13536 running from the devil like 
insta13537 y’all need to meet my sister rachel bieber 
insta13538 meet skylark tylark (my alter ego) ft 
insta13540 skylark tylark 
insta13541 coachella moments 
insta13542 great ending to a great day, so proud of you my brother. love you posty would do anything for you... btw peep the mj glove he’s wearing 
insta13545 fav 
insta13546 just a couple of stratty boys 
insta13550 congrats happy birthday hard to face reality out now !!! 
insta13553 if tattooed didn’t hurt everyone would have them. well maybe not very one!!over a hundred hours of art work on my body and i wouldn’t take back a single one.. i absolutely love art and ive made my body a canvas and it’s so much fun 
insta13560 remember when i said easter isnt about bunnies... well i lied 
insta13561 happy easter 
insta13562 it’s time i introduced you to my brother tony bieber 
insta13568 congrats on ur wedding and ur new baby!! 
insta13569 shoutout my boy looking like a real legend in this pic 
insta13571 i 
insta13572 friday watch this song go straight to the top my brother 
insta13573 congrats on winning the tournament today 
insta13574 best video i’ve ever seen. sooooo good. here before a billion views !! you got such a big heart brother!! 
insta13576 loved this performance. so much prep for a performance like this, memorization, hits, choreography, while not running out of breath and singing in tune! you stayed in pocket effortlessly. you are a natural born performer and you make people all around the world smile when you are on that stage!! loved cheering you on brotha!, oh and by the way didn’t know you were a blood! kidding! again kudos jt 
insta13577 follow 
insta13578 coolest art piece over ever owned by artist .. exclusive look . 
insta13581 this night was a wave.. shoutout and 
insta13582 now i know what love is 
insta13584 wowzers 
insta13585 selling this painting i did called “calvary” all proceeds go to wildfires in ca 
insta13586 can’t wait to get mine 
insta13588 illest thing i’ve seen is the supreme leg sleeves and ur right kelly it was maaadd wavy 
insta13589 jesus is changing me from the inside out everyday! and i misspelled guilt and exhausted 
insta13591 i respect jim so much for giving the world an inside look at what he feels, what truly inspires him, and what he he is alive for.. fellow canadian thank you for teaching me so much! 
insta13592 love you mom!! so proud of you and your heart for people.. you inspire me to be better.. 
insta13594 mood 
insta13596 i love continuing to get to know my father i love working through hard things to get to the good things.. relationships are worth fighting for especially with family!! love you forever and always daddy! 
insta13598 my spirit animal shout out tandy for the win 
insta13601 fam 
insta13602 fam 
insta13605 i have learned so much from you, i’m a better man because of you. i’m a better friend because of you. you have been a true example of what following jesus looks like and i’m so grateful i get to walk through this life knowing you! 
insta13613 purpose tour 
insta13619 icon! best spider-man ive seen good job tom holland 
insta13620 can i be as cool as you are please 
insta13624 i am a white canadian and i will never know what it feels like to be an african american but what i do know is i am willing to stand up and use my voice to shine light on racism, because it's a real thing and it's more prevalent now than i have ever seen in my lifetime.. we are all gods children and we are all equal. 
insta13625 love this guy 
insta13627 daaaaas me 
insta13628 carboner 
insta13629 ill love you til the day we die. 
insta13635 this goes out to everyone who hates on my cropping skills f u 
insta13639 :face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy::face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta13640 travis 
insta13644 hardbody 
insta13645 hashtag with you are yours 
insta13665 hashtag your purpose your merch and i'll post you 
insta13672 let's help others. 
insta13674 yung n phree 
insta13677 shoutout tmills 
insta13678 h&m 
insta13679 so proud of his guy and his show he's launching on mtv called 
insta13680 i want to be more about these things every day 
insta13683 excited to read this. this guy is so passionate about people and is one of the best writers i know!! so cool to see this come to life!! 
insta13687 tomorrow 
insta13690 what a legend. 
insta13691 thursday 
insta13701 new music thurs. 
insta13702 new music. thursday noon 
insta13703 fresh fit big steps 
insta13704 ur adorable jaden 
insta13714 first day of school 
insta13718 you will change the world 
insta13719 is a boss on every level 
insta13720 this guy sick guitar player!! check him out 
insta13723 karla 
insta13727 weird pics 
insta13728 crazy kid rock chris rock and .....the rock 
insta13730 my buddy check out his tumblr it's rad 
insta13739 same hair? 
insta13740 your boy 
insta13744 shoutout to the coolest kid on the planet 
insta13751 love this 
insta13752 this is my dog til the day i die .. he's the biggest brodog, ride or die.. til the wheels fall off!! 
insta13754 rich you never answer when we need you the most 
insta13756 nobody in the world as good at taking photos as by the way send me the original photo chris!!! 
insta13759 love these guys 
insta13773 favorite moments 
insta13777 i live for these moments 
insta13785 favorite song 
insta13786 can't believe photos like this can be shot on iphone 
insta13787 more than a rapper, a culture shifter and legend.. best of our generation 
insta13788 stylegod coolest cat i know 
insta13790 me and peterson 
insta13797 love is beautiful cool seeing love like this 
insta13801 meme this 
insta13803 mugshot 
insta13804 jumpin 
insta13805 enjoy life to fullest. 
insta13806 haha last night was a blas 
insta13808 if any one wants to get the better at 70 tattoo here's the stencil 
insta13813 if anyone wishes to check out what i believe the link is in my bio 
insta13816 purposetour 
insta13817 today is gonnna be better than yesterday 
insta13819 i look back at a lot of things in my life, mistakes, insecurities, and although i have felt i've wasted a lot of time it also makes me want to be better faster! for me personally i want to work everyday to be better at 70 
insta13831 today. 
insta13839 opposite of jim 
insta13841 i chipped my tooth 
insta13864 :relieved_face::relieved_face: 
insta13868 this guy is my family! i love him so much 
insta13869 :nerd_face::nerd_face::nerd_face: 
insta13870 what a night that was 
insta13871 cmon judah u missed this smile 
insta13873 short hair dont care 
insta13876 conjunctivitis 
insta13877 you can see it better here 
insta13878 this eye has conjunctivitis 
insta13879 my left eye has conjunctivitis 
insta13880 my left eye has conjunctivitis 
insta13881 there he is 
insta13882 never answer when i need u the most 
insta13883 what an awesome man 
insta13884 just watched harry styles carpool karaoke!! hilarious! also congrats on the album, it sounds great ! 
insta13885 lil man stole my phone 
insta13900 :Israel: 
insta13903 out now 
insta13907 friday 
insta13908 at least we made it farther than the montreal canadians ! this young team has so much potential! let's go all the way next year!!!! btw favourite picture me and my little bro crushing life! 
insta13910 i love this because it reminds me im not exactly where i want to be but thank god im not where i used to be!! the best is yet to come do you believe it? 
insta13918 i love this man .. he has a heart of gold and what he's doing in miami is amazing! check out if you are in miami !! 
insta13931 all or nothing 
insta13934 vibes 
insta13942 billy madison 
insta13951 miss you dennis 
insta13955 i like this guy 
insta13970 i love you mikey 
insta13973 don't know why people say no new friends new friends are great 
insta13976 one of my best friends in the world. thank you for being there for me when i need ya the most.. thank you for being a consistent homey that loves me for me! 
insta13978 everyone needs to just hug more 
insta13979 let's hug each other more 
insta13980 let's hug each other more 
insta13981 let's hug each other more 
insta13982 let's hug each other more 
insta13983 hillarious 
insta13986 don't know why this made me laugh 
insta13987 you won't find someone this talented.. he's one in a billion 
insta13992 biggest hit them folks in the game 
insta13997 stupid is as stupid does - forest gumps mom 
insta13999 got some air on my bday 
insta14001 it's my birthday and all i want is to be a better friend, better brother, better son and and better man 
insta14007 you ain't cool unless you pee your pants 
insta14010 i have a pen 
insta14017 soo much content 
insta14018 weirdest moment 
insta14027 my new little fluff ball todd 
insta14028 it's okay he's a limo driver 
insta14029 i'm gonna make my instagram private if you guys don't stop the hate this is getting out of hand, if you guys are really fans you wouldn't be so mean to people that i like 
insta14036 no longer a boy, there's a new man in town 
insta14043 dab on em 
insta14050 throwback to my show in mexico city 
insta14052 swany cakes 
insta14055 !! 
insta14062 air quality in la:thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone:, good thing i wore my mask !! 
insta14063 get your purpose staff apparel at urban outfitters 
insta14064 go to urban outfitters to get some of the 
insta14066 high on life 
insta14072 beverly hills 
insta14075 on itunes . thank you. 
insta14076 thank you. stream on now 
insta14079 new fav shoe 
insta14083 my merch is everywhere thanks kendra 
insta14085 swirv sandwich 
insta14086 new single out now. 
insta14089 tonight. new single 
insta14090 shit was lit 
insta14095 as much as i doubt god he keeps reminding me 
insta14097 love you brother man 
insta14098 at barneys 
insta14099 mikey takin his sweet ol time 
insta14100 thank u for coming out blessed!!! 
insta14102 :chipmunk::chipmunk::chipmunk: 
insta14103 love you 
insta14104 go to barneys now !!! my new collection with grab your purpose tour gear 
insta14106 new single in 4 days 
insta14108 cool guys 
insta14110 daaaaaaa boys and this is me sober 
insta14112 2 kings 
insta14114 smiles with friends 
insta14115 these are the moments i live for !!! 
insta14116 thank you to everyone who is apart of the tour. i am honored to share the stage with so many wonderful people. 
insta14120 tight... and everyone calm down its my friend and i like the picture. 
insta14123 get ur feet dirty 
insta14124 meditate 
insta14125 the guys 
insta14131 rippin my buddy's head off 
insta14136 air !! 
insta14141 what a beast 
insta14142 the two little minions 
insta14144 this is everything 
insta14145 this is a god dream 
insta14146 not bad boys 
insta14149 you need to ketchup relish 
insta14152 holiday weeknd 
insta14155 young biebs 
insta14156 pop up in miami today 
insta14157 miami 
insta14158 miami 
insta14160 jaxon showing off his hair to uncle 
insta14161 they've been walking this whole time 
insta14162 miami 
insta14166 me and the nashvillians!!! 
insta14169 the face you make when you play a stand up bass 
insta14170 what a beautiful guitar 
insta14171 people like the tour merch 
insta14173 :crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat::crying_cat: 
insta14176 where are you now that i need ya 
insta14177 me and all my motha ****** homeys goin ape shit 
insta14178 haha 
insta14179 gonna be taking it easy tonight on stage sprained my ankle playing ball smh all good still gonna crush 
insta14180 happy birthday 
insta14182 paris fashion week catchin the swag eh ? 
insta14183 never there when i need you the most 
insta14187 can't wait to get home to my baby 
insta14189 as for the idiots trying to correct me and say pooh bear it is poobear and his instagram is 
insta14191 :camera_with_flash: 
insta14194 how great is our god. 
insta14195 which one is jason mraz no one will ever know 
insta14198 love it 
insta14199 yeezy season 2 
insta14204 fashion week italy 
insta14209 let's spam and petition to shut this garbage website down 
insta14210 never would have made it without you 
insta14213 poobear on facetime like 
insta14219 yeezy season 2 
insta14221 congrats to my bro!! did it again!! proud of you dude! 
insta14225 afraid of everything i dreamed of . - blake kelly 
insta14226 back to tour life 
insta14227 fashion god 
insta14228 the way you look at me 
insta14231 on all android phones 
insta14241 legend 
insta14242 legend 
insta14243 legend 
insta14244 don't mind waking up to this at all 
insta14248 clean fun no lambos 
insta14249 my daughter.............…...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................,.....................................................................,.,.,.,.,,. just kidding 
insta14250 moms and k 
insta14251 happy bday to the talented shoutout to my sunburn 
insta14252 spending the remembering the champ 
insta14253 3 kings 
insta14258 the champ wins again.. it was a sad day 
insta14259 this is the ali we should all remember! the fun loving man who was fully himself!! rip champ!!! 
insta14263 download my emoj app link in bio 
insta14264 go download link in my bio 
insta14265 can anyone tell me what happened last night 
insta14268 friday 
insta14269 the picture to the right is not a photo i drew this perfect masterpiece in only 7 minutes i know it looks like i must have spent days even months but know this beautiful art piece only took minutes. the strokes that i used while drawing this were tough but nothing amazing comes easy.. this piece will go for 2 mil at least 
insta14270 there was nothing that i could do 
insta14273 my brothers 
insta14274 hahaha 
insta14275 bumping that new ariana!! this song is dope as fuck 
insta14276 morning 
insta14277 two of the coolest guys i know and 
insta14278 right 
insta14282 richie doesn't know what's coming haha 
insta14285 happy bday baby 
insta14286 miss my little brother posty 
insta14287 congrats buddy 
insta14294 yaga 
insta14295 these are the nights i live for 
insta14298 nights like these beat nights like those 
insta14300 i don't know about these award shows.. no disrespect to anybody at any of the shows or the people running it. nothing but love for you guys and your support. but i don't feel good when i'm there nor after. i try to think of it as a celebration but can't help feeling like people are rating and grading my performance. a lot of people in the audience there to be seem worried about how much camera time they will get or who they can network with. when i'm doing a regular show i feel they are there for the right reasons and to strictly have a good time! but these award shows seem so hollow. i get the premise is to award people for their accomplishments, but is it really? because when i look in the audience i see a bunch of fake smiles so that when the camera hits them they look happy. sure there are people truly proud of others so i don't want to knock them i'm just looking at the vast majority. i just think to myself if i'm living my purpose i want the reward to be fulfillment. i'm getting awarded for the things that i'm doing and not for who i am which is understandable i know it would probably be hard to calculate and award someone's spirit lol. but when i do get these awards the temptation of putting my worth in what i do is so hard to fight!!!i am privileged and honored to be recognized by my peers in but in these settings i can't feel the recognition. there's an authenticity missing that i crave! and i wonder does anybody else.. sorry not sorry about grammar it's not my strong point 
insta14301 alba 
insta14302 i look like a baby 
insta14303 this guy is one of the smartest kindest loving people that i know. and i'm happy to not only call him a friend but a brother 
insta14304 this song puts my heart and soul at ease 
insta14305 me and bae 
insta14306 hanging with the realist 
insta14308 :Brazil: 
insta14315 life's a little blurry after last night :) 
insta14318 tour 
insta14319 today 
insta14320 what a beast 
insta14321 what a beast 
insta14326 ottawa legend 
insta14327 this kid is rad 
insta14329 braekess you are so right btw your instagram name is fire. years ago it was impossible to even take a picture at anytime not everyone was accessible to a camera now everyone has a camera phone and now it's just a different thing.if you think setting boundaries is being a douche i'm the biggest douche around but i think it's smart and will be the only way i last. i wanna enjoy life and not be a slave to the world and their demands of what they think i need to do!! i love the fact that i am able to make people happy but cmon if you truly were in my position you would understand how tiring it is ( boo hoo justin get over it) i'm going to keep making decisions i feel are fit for my growth and no human being will make me feel bad for it. 
insta14332 eyes are the window to the soul 
insta14334 thank you philly i took this haha not that sick but good for me ;) and i mean the picture not the city 
insta14337 resting up for the show in philly it's gonna be a good one mark my words 
insta14338 ellen's got the idea!! go checkout some of my merch 
insta14342 barclays night 2. 
insta14346 download mike posner album 
insta14347 i am so lucky to share these moments with you, i am so glad god is able to move even when people are blind to it.. i am the one on that stage but i am nothing without a light shining through. i'm such an average, ordinary person that doesn't deserve the praise. i believe it belongs to my god! thank you god for showing up when we need you the most! 
insta14348 see you soon brooklyn 
insta14351 i had a blast crossing you up 
insta14352 barclays night 1. 
insta14353 today and tomorrow 
insta14354 12 mercer 
insta14355 12 mercer 
insta14356 12 mercer 
insta14363 taye diggs when you smile i smile 
insta14364 if i meet bill nye the science guy my life will be complete .. what if i pulled up with bill nye everywhere i went.. meeting people like, "hey this is my homie bill" . shoutout bill for helping us all get out of science class to watch a movie 
insta14365 really cool piece 
insta14371 soooooo hungover i feel like shit 
insta14372 congrats 
insta14377 perpetua 
insta14378 spending the day listening to congrats drake you did it again...if you haven't got it yet go download 
insta14379 sometimes it's hard to do the right thing when the pressures coming down like lightning 
insta14380 the calm before the storm 
insta14381 these nights are with you not for you !!! i am with you, we are in this together!thank you for the encouragement i'm sending it right back your way! 
insta14383 would love to talk about this because it's another moment to point to god. when i said on the 7th day it was a reference to say that on the 7th day he rested giving us a template and example letting us know how important rest is. people love to twist what was meant for good and maybe it was my fault by not explaining my thought correctly. you can think the worst about me but never ever want people to think i compare myself to the most high 
insta14389 and on the 7th day..... and my goodness i was making a reference, i am not comparing myself to god im the farthest thing from!!!! it was my way of saying how important rest is.. when there is nothing to pick at me for you make something out of nothing but i get it you need ratings and traction your blogs. but if truthfully if you were offended it was in no way shape or form me comparing myself to the most high. 
insta14391 :camera::camera_with_flash::camera_with_flash::camera_with_flash::camera_with_flash::camera_with_flash:. ohhhhhhh 
insta14392 bandz 
insta14393 i gets no love 
insta14394 when your hair blends into the branches 
insta14396 i did this 
insta14399 thankfulness is the key to happiness 
insta14404 shoutout kanye for putting me onto harold's 
insta14406 no words can describe my gratitude 
insta14407 iphone photo check the one before i think samsung took he better pic 
insta14408 samsung photo 
insta14410 yessir 
insta14412 da bears 
insta14415 had a great show met some cute kids and thanks akon and usher for the love tonight 
insta14416 backstreets back 
insta14417 i colored this :fire: its dope cuz i actually sat down for 30 min and finished i never can sit still for that long so it's an accomplishment, yes this took me 30 minutes haha i know i suck don't judge me 
insta14420 big things coming in the fashion world 
insta14421 purpose tour! what's yours 
insta14422 congrats jason and ashley boyd 
insta14423 whippin in that nasa foreign shout out michael jordan. 
insta14425 remember there's a god that loves you and is for you. be still in his presence he will give you true rest 
insta14426 i love panos 
insta14428 swirv 
insta14429 congrats ken you look beautiful 
insta14436 how cute 
insta14441 why 
insta14446 i'm serious about 
insta14447 the boys 
insta14448 morning 
insta14449 my body looks like eyes nose and mouth 
insta14452 bring ur green hat 
insta14457 long night last night 
insta14458 headed to the show 
insta14459 dat ass doe photo cred 
insta14460 my soul breathing, i found my life when i laid it down 
insta14463 the best 
insta14464 the champ 
insta14465 the great one 
insta14466 grand canyon 
insta14468 uncle puff and yeezy giving thanks to jesus 
insta14470 all love 
insta14472 love u brotha 
insta14473 love u guys.. i'm going to be canceling my meet and greets. i enjoy meeting such incredible people but i end up feeling so drained and filled with so much of other people's spiritual energy that i end up so drained and unhappy.. want to make people smile and happy but not at my expense and i always leave feeling mentally and emotionally exhausted to the point of depression .. the pressure of meeting people's expectations of what i'm supposed to be is so much for me to handle and a lot on my shoulders. never want to disappoint but i feel i would rather give you guys the show and my albums as promised. can't tell you how sorry i am, and wish it wasn't so hard on me.. and i want to stay in the healthy mindset i'm in to give you the best show you have ever seen ;) 
insta14474 glad to have you in my life kanye. also shout out to my pose i look like matt lauer from the today show lol 
insta14477 pre game warm up 
insta14481 night out in la with the boys 
insta14482 me and the big man on campus 
insta14484 feels 
insta14485 my life is a movie 
insta14488 look up at the stars for me tonight 
insta14489 so cool to be a part of this classic 
insta14490 bless up 
insta14491 bay area thanks for hooking me up, 
insta14501 let's go portland 
insta14502 love you jazzy 
insta14506 work work work work work work 
insta14508 purpose 
insta14514 11 year old jb 
insta14515 love 
insta14516 john 
insta14517 love this guy more than anything 
insta14518 still the champ 
insta14526 love u little ryan!! such a bright future ahead of you 
insta14527 thankful for these two legends, let the trip continue 
insta14528 silly people's 
insta14529 lol 
insta14540 this tree gets a lot of action 
insta14542 just to see you smile, i'd do anything - tim mcgraw 
insta14543 we should start a fire 
insta14544 scariest photo i've ever taken and i shaved 
insta14545 let's make some history 
insta14546 damn i was lit 
insta14547 daaaaaaaaaa bulls 
insta14550 new prodigy 
insta14551 go bestfriend that's my bestfriend 
insta14559 last night was crazy i wish we taped it 
insta14562 lil bro time 
insta14563 my favorite little man came for a visit 
insta14568 you know i eat the cookie like i'm 
insta14571 tree huggers 
insta14579 love love love 
insta14580 lol special song for grampsters 
insta14583 funny how on instagram everyone's suddenly an english teacher.. 
insta14585 san francisco 
insta14586 she loving the crew 
insta14587 life is like a box of chocolates 
insta14588 thank you for being the best big brother i could ask for , i'm constantly learning from you!! love you brandon 
insta14589 look at maejor 
insta14591 showing off the chin hairs 
insta14593 can't make esther too jealous 
insta14595 look at philips eyes 
insta14596 phil 
insta14597 new addition to the family his name is phil 
insta14600 ur all dusty at hockey and anyone who wants to try and dangle me i'll let u know right now i will snipe top cheese and i'm going to the show hahah 
insta14601 we got flowerz for the ladies and 
insta14602 happy saturday 
insta14604 got something special coming 
insta14605 these two people have helped me become who i've always wanted to become, so grateful for these 2. thank you for your real honest friendships :) 
insta14606 richies model face is priceless 
insta14607 you can't try and understand 
insta14609 movie night with 
insta14610 my great grandpa swaggin 
insta14611 i flaunt in introducing the spring 2016 campaign 
insta14614 treehouse flo 
insta14615 lazy sunday 
insta14616 she got me. lol 
insta14617 the ones who understand, understand. 
insta14618 what a boss :up_arrow::up_arrow::up_arrow::up_arrow: 
insta14621 good height poo 
insta14622 poo bear 
insta14623 rack em up 
insta14627 they don't want us having breakfast 
insta14631 back in the gym, 
insta14634 sweet dreams :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta14639 i enjoy traffic i can catch up on shows 
insta14643 what means what to you? what's in your creative world.? dive into a place where it's just you and just your creativity see where that takes ya 
insta14647 loll my explore page makes it look like i'm skateboarding haha 
insta14648 thanks yeezy the beige ones are hard 
insta14649 happy sunday say your prayers 
insta14650 my parter and i have put in work to make sure we have the best customization in the game but there's far more that to offer visit our website or visit the shop in burbank details in bio ! 
insta14653 sick ,,, link in bio 
insta14659 the best guy i know :OK_hand_dark_skin_tone: 
insta14660 i made this meme. 
insta14661 woke up outside to the sound of the ocean. this has to be one of my top memories 
insta14668 be yourself even if people think you look silly chances are they just don't understand it 
insta14670 best environment to write music other than right after a heartbreak 
insta14672 for all my tree huggers 
insta14673 need to get back out and play some puck 
insta14675 hailey made me get corn rows like an absolute douche bag, these will be off tomorrow trust me danny 
insta14679 love you gramma kate 
insta14686 werk 
insta14689 family talks 
insta14690 don't waste your time picking apart this photo. what you do shouldn't be decided by someone else's decisions. spend more time focusing on who people are, and less on what they do unless it's directly affecting you! 
insta14692 my night 
insta14693 that party last night was awfully crazy i wish we taped it. thank you 
insta14694 happy new year http://smarturl.it/jbpurpose 
insta14695 happy new years lets go 
insta14696 honestly i never thought i could love somebody the way i love these two children. they are strong, kind, smart and so charismatic! they are constantly making me want to be better, and i believe they will make me a better parent one day. i am so blessed and honored to play such a significant role in their life, and i'm looking forward to see what they become. and i know whatever that may be i will be proud! 
insta14697 don't take your family for granted 
insta14700 throwback 
insta14701 i love you with all of my heart pops 
insta14703 the boyz r back in town 
insta14704 i'll take that 
insta14709 follow me on snapchat my username is rickthesizzler 
insta14710 ♛ sandcastlekings ♛ 
insta14711 me and hollywood adam as youngins 
insta14712 never get to see this guy but when i do it's all laughs 
insta14714 haha 
insta14715 family time 
insta14716 hollywood adam at its finest haha 
insta14717 me uncle kev 
insta14718 merry christmas 
insta14719 my bro is trying to swag harder than me. 
insta14720 damn never would i have thought this 
insta14721 my little broham 
insta14722 it's so sad but this is too funny had to post no disrespect 
insta14723 find yourself in the back 
insta14728 great day 
insta14729 sorry 
insta14730 smiles are contagious, don't be afraid to smile they don't want you to be happy 
insta14731 fly away with me 
insta14734 good times good people good luck. 
insta14735 lord knows 
insta14736 listening to the most talented person on the planet besides me :winking_face_with_tongue::winking_face_with_tongue::winking_face_with_tongue: i kid i kid but seriously :smiling_face_with_open_hands: 
insta14737 playing poker with sour patch kids 
insta14738 my brother 
insta14742 throwback 
insta14744 honestly im not trying to show off!! i am so proud and grateful of the things that i have been blessed with and don't take it for granted. i feel so blessed that i still get excited and ask my friends to take a picture of me with it.. never think i'm trying to throw it in your face !! 
insta14745 in case people think these were hickeys i've been having neck problems and its from this tool called graston to scrape the stagnant blood and scar tissue lol 
insta14746 they don't want us to have breakfast lmao 
insta14747 europe. pre-sale for the is now available on fahlo.me/justinbieber. thanks 
insta14749 new tattoo :) 
insta14751 trust me dannyyy 
insta14752 i'm gonna drive safe don't worry! not again!! trust me danny 
insta14754 omg who is this!! 
insta14755 up for a grammy with these guys thanks to everyone who has been a part of this amazing musical transition 
insta14757 me and dan compelled by the music 
insta14759 crazy throwback 
insta14760 "can i have your number please" -justin "nah" -rihanna 
insta14762 morning 
insta14764 great to be back in london town :United_Kingdom: 
insta14767 laughter is contagious 
insta14769 kobe beef 
insta14770 head toward the light 
insta14773 back in asia 
insta14777 the face you make 
insta14778 no dice 
insta14779 throwback 
insta14785 just a throwback calm down 
insta14786 haircut need 
insta14789 hockey flow 
insta14794 ridin dirty 
insta14797 throwback me and 
insta14798 that's me on the road 
insta14799 i found my life when i laid it down 
insta14800 upward falling 
insta14802 ur hot then ur cold ur yes then you're no -the great katy perry 
insta14803 rocky 
insta14805 jumpman jumpman jumpman 
insta14811 every time i leave the city you 
insta14815 uk goes hard 
insta14818 can anyone pull some strings i want this hoodie! 
insta14819 thank you to the chainsmokers, u guys put on a hell of a show and honoured to be a part of it 
insta14820 oooooo 
insta14821 i fell in love with the cartier 
insta14822 i'm notorious for thinking you're full of beautiful instead of hollow 
insta14825 black friday itunes special 
insta14828 adventures in the wilderness 
insta14832 iphone camera is ridiculous now 
insta14833 6am this morning 
insta14834 tree of life 
insta14835 happy thanksgiving 
insta14836 hell find a way to rescue u 
insta14837 before the number was the name march 1st before player was the game i'm not the same as michael even though he hall of fame i'm all hall of faith put me on the wall of change 
insta14838 shout out to the amazing alfred mitchell brilliant absolutely brilliant. 
insta14839 good look, harry pulls off this look better than i do smh 
insta14840 parker family ranch 
insta14841 thank u 
insta14842 he is living water thurst no more 
insta14845 let's go 
insta14846 amas 
insta14849 so much love for for being a friend a brother and an amazing choreographer!! 
insta14850 love to the bro thank you for always being a good friend and a good guy 
insta14851 tickets today https://t.co/g2vko20vaz 
insta14852 this movie room is insane (not mine) netflix and chill? 
insta14854 john grey what an awesome man 
insta14855 i'm back on tonight with our :waving_hand_light_skin_tone::OK_hand_light_skin_tone::waving_hand_light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::backhand_index_pointing_right_light_skin_tone::raised_hand_light_skin_tone::waving_hand_light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::raised_hand_light_skin_tone::clapping_hands_light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::waving_hand_light_skin_tone: 
insta14856 on sale for starts at 10am local tomorrow. added some more dates for first leg www.justinbiebermusic.com/tour 
insta14858 candice 
insta14859 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta14860 thank you parris for the sick dance vids 
insta14861 me and my dad 
insta14862 taking over uk's tonight for the album party. tune in at 7. and as promised i followed u roman. 
insta14866 it's time. right now. and i brought friends with me 
insta14868 on my way. love the dedication. thank u. see you soon . 
insta14869 time to sing. on now. 
insta14870 me and this beautiful soul tomorrow on the today show :weary_cat::weary_cat::weary_cat::weary_cat::weary_cat: 
insta14873 thank you elvis for always being a stand up guy 
insta14876 me and the the crew :) thank you new york and my beautiful beliebers 
insta14877 :camera: 
insta14879 favorite song? 
insta14881 you give me 
insta14882 tears are healthy 
insta14883 i'm always walking him out so he returned the favour thanks 
insta14884 amazing night to end an amazing day also congrats rich on ur book 
insta14885 my love prayers and thoughts are with the families of this horrible tragedy. 
insta14887 we can now livestream the 6pm show together from staples tonight.. http://smarturl.it/eveningwithjblive see u all to celebrate together tonight 
insta14888 oops 
insta14889 it's out! 
insta14890 it's out! 
insta14891 it's out! 
insta14892 it's out! 
insta14893 it's out! 
insta14894 it's out! 
insta14895 it's out! 
insta14896 it's out! 
insta14897 it's out! 
insta14898 now on and worldwide 
insta14899 now on worldwide 
insta14900 1 hour. 
insta14901 2 hours until released worldwide. 
insta14903 :water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol: 
insta14904 hello adele 
insta14905 words can't describe how much can i love this guy 
insta14907 hyfr 
insta14908 this would be today's message, crazy how on point this is with my life 
insta14909 here we go. 3rd show added at tomorrow. album/ticket bundles on sale now!! http://smarturl.it/eveningwithjb chicago and houston up now too. see u soon. 
insta14910 tonight 
insta14912 i heard u. 3rd staples added for fri and chicago & houston next week. on sale 10am local tomorrow :) http://smarturl.it/eveningwithjb 
insta14915 first round of dates are up. presale on fahlo next week. http://www.justinbiebermusic.com/tour watch on today for more details 
insta14916 talking with my guys and we made a great album boys. 2 more days to go. 
insta14917 my beliebers still got it lol second show added for staples on friday http://smarturl.it/eveningwithjb2 
insta14918 let's go!!!! staples center​ this friday on sale now!! ticket and album bundles here --> http://smarturl.it/eveningwithjb 
insta14922 miss jazzy being this little 
insta14924 i wake up every morning and do at least one sudoku.. the right of your brain controls your creativity and the left is more calculation and problem solving. i'm trying to make sure i'm working both sides because i don't use my left side nearly enough, all i ever wanna do is be creative.. challenge yourself even if it is a stupid little sudoku, or if you aren't challenged creatively try and write poems, or a story. 
insta14925 special event for special album with me this friday at - on sale tomorrow at 10am pst 
insta14926 my guy just premiered i wrote with stream it now. in 4 days. "my momma never liked you and she likes everyone" 
insta14927 on starts today. friday 
insta14928 my friend derek just joined instagram. he loves the new album 
insta14932 wanna argue all day makin love all night 
insta14936 love you poo bear thanks for all you do for me 
insta14938 con sera disponible esta noche a medianoche :) 
insta14940 cover story 
insta14943 help feed hungry children in north america. go to for more info 
insta14945 wcw halsey 
insta14946 wcw beyoncé 
insta14947 wcw 
insta14949 miss these guys 
insta14950 what a beautiful family inside and out happy birthday ken 
insta14951 what f stop do you use 
insta14953 once again teaching what a real pic looks like 
insta14954 new song. 
insta14955 this lady is a jellyfish haha homemade costume 
insta14956 family time 
insta14957 brother time $ best time 
insta14958 should i? love to my bro canadian boys really doing it. 1 (213) 322-1113 
insta14959 jackie moooooooooon 
insta14960 sadly it's been a rough week for me, long days no sleep, while having to be "on" as they would say for cameras fans etc. in no way did i mean to come across mean, but chose to end the show as the people in the front row would not listen. hopefully people will understand where i am coming from. i don't always handle things the right way but i'm human and i'm working on getting better at responding not reacting. unfortunately people were affected by this as am i. for the people in the back i am so sorry and for anyone i may have disappointed im sorry. sorry for wasting the tv people's time i'll be sure to make it up to you next time on tour.. with love justin. 
insta14962 my little brothers in norway 
insta14963 not real but i like it 
insta14964 feet on fleek 
insta14965 available for preorder now :) find the murals in those cities. thanks to all the artists who stepped up. 
insta14966 track 18 
insta14967 track 17 
insta14968 track 16 
insta14969 track 15 it's called get used to it i don't know how this got by me. 
insta14970 track 14 
insta14971 track 13 
insta14972 track 12 
insta14973 track 11 
insta14974 track 10 
insta14975 track 9 
insta14976 track 8 
insta14977 track 7 
insta14978 track 6 
insta14979 track 5 
insta14980 track 4 
insta14981 track 3 
insta14982 track 2 
insta14983 track 1 
insta14984 throwback they say they need a new bond it's my job to give it to em 
insta14985 me and my ruby 
insta14989 thank you for putting this smile on my face 
insta14991 gotteem 
insta14992 kinda cool 
insta14995 ♛ 
insta14997 when ur too tired for the world 
insta14998 lol sorry 
insta15000 love you 
insta15004 sorry 
insta15008 sorry 
insta15009 on and now. preorder purpose and get what do you mean, the remix with and :) new music 
insta15010 is now on - this album ...get ready. 
insta15011 out now on and 
insta15013 happy to support my friend tonight at his premiere. can't wait for you all to hear the song we made for 
insta15014 good guy 
insta15015 new single tonight. produced by skrillex and blood 
insta15016 in 2 days 
insta15017 new single 
insta15018 lol 
insta15019 me sonny and blood doing what we love most 
insta15022 http://smarturl.it/jbpurpose 
insta15024 this is a funny hair phase 
insta15026 this new camera is awesome 
insta15037 let's try and be artsy, take an artsy picture that you think is •"artsy" lol and tag me and tag 
insta15038 locked and loaded he's like a little kid watching cartoons i've been trying to get his attention for 3 hours now 
insta15039 throwback with dave reynolds 
insta15040 we all believe in you!! praying for you lamar 
insta15041 http://smarturl.it/jbpurpose 
insta15042 please preorder my album on :baby_medium-light_skin_tone::baby_medium-light_skin_tone::baby_medium-light_skin_tone::baby_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta15043 me and bear man :panda::baby_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta15044 http://smarturl.it/jbpurpose 
insta15045 not really sad it's just for effect 
insta15047 me and the bear man :panda::koala: 
insta15048 long day but had to come and show love to my girl karla! 
insta15049 18 new songs... 
insta15050 midnight 
insta15051 always got love for you 
insta15052 thank you for the love!! if you guys wanna find the exclusive stuff checkout their stuff. 
insta15053 one month to go... 3 years in the making. 
insta15054 y'all better not come to my studio with that fake shit -drake (calm down it's just a drake line lol) 
insta15055 purpose 
insta15056 throwback me and the one and only gortat 
insta15059 ready for war :winking_face: 
insta15072 are u ready????? 
insta15075 supposed to be my little brother jaxon 
insta15077 hails 
insta15087 don't take moments for granted 
insta15091 check the interview complexmagazine.com 
insta15093 me and 
insta15094 thank you again 
insta15095 xfactor was lit 
insta15096 loved meeting some make a wish kids today they were beautiful !! thank you for lol of the love and hugs!! you guys are my favorite! 
insta15097 no pressure 
insta15098 wtf is that in the sky? !!!!!! 
insta15099 i feel like i look like a real skater here 
insta15100 throwback 
insta15101 great nights with great people btw my eyebrows are like a ski ramp 
insta15102 to ed belfour !! 
insta15105 evil jb 
insta15107 glacier dip in 
insta15110 happy birthday bill murray 
insta15111 haha diplo getting his stretch on.. lol idk why this is so funny.. diplo u know u don't ball 
insta15112 love at 1st sprite 
insta15116 so proud of you made me tear up knowing how hard you have worked and knowing how good that must have felt. your the champ but you've always been a champ in my eyes 
insta15119 channeling his inner 
insta15121 women's hats boys trip i've missed leg day a couple times josh sandwich 
insta15123 love this guy 
insta15124 loved meeting jennifer garner she's so awesome 
insta15125 promos been fun early mornings late nights 
insta15126 had fun last night man!! love you 
insta15127 shawn i checked out the music and i'm so proud! so glad to see another boy from canada crushin it. 
insta15128 the amazing john lennon 
insta15131 looks like we have a new selfie king 
insta15132 bts of the video. 
insta15139 diplo 
insta15141 diplo knows what i mean 
insta15143 congrats on a great win 
insta15145 like always, i’m supporting tonight live on ppv. get the fight here: www.mayperview.tv. 
insta15147 :oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_light_skin_tone::skull::skull: had the club lit last night 
insta15154 performing tomorrow on the today show come find me 
insta15156 me and t-bear from the lake 
insta15157 rad 
insta15158 ... help me and spread awareness for 250 million kids who deserve to read and write. 
insta15159 little justin 
insta15160 thank you 
insta15161 seek me and you will find me - god 
insta15163 thank you and your family for being so welcoming and inviting me with open arms to your lake house it was amazing 
insta15164 me and my boy cooper!! 
insta15170 shoutout for the photo love 
insta15171 guyth i'm gonna be on fallon tonight, i'm performing with the roots! :oncoming_fist: 
insta15178 we all fly 
insta15179 follow me on snapchat rickthesizzler 
insta15180 dad always playin it cool 
insta15181 my new music video for is on now. let me know what you think. 
insta15183 this is how you make me feel 
insta15184 lol 
insta15185 runaway love 
insta15186 i look fat in this picture 
insta15187 1 day til 
insta15189 i took this on my iphone today thought it was pretty sick 
insta15190 just saw this in the street. hearing on the radio. thanks. do you have yet? post videos of you singing it like 
insta15191 funniest thing i've ever seen. love u for making it 
insta15192 i'm back. on now. http://smarturl.it/swdym 
insta15193 1 
insta15194 2 
insta15195 3 
insta15196 4 
insta15197 5 hours 
insta15198 6 hours 
insta15199 10 hours to go worldwide! the amazing is excited! :) u ready??? 
insta15200 you know my girl had to be here. 
insta15201 everyone should listen to he knows what he is talking about. ;) 
insta15202 i love this dog! thanks 
insta15203 :) 1 day 
insta15204 what do you mean? see you sunday 
insta15205 only lol. it's true. i'm performing on the :) 
insta15206 thanks lol. oh and one more thing.... 
insta15207 throwback 
insta15208 this is creative. thanks very cool and that's some effort. lol. 
insta15209 legend! 48 hours to go! 
insta15210 lol. love you bro. what do you mean? 
insta15211 yep knows. what do you mean? 
insta15212 what do you mean? 
insta15213 2 days 
insta15214 fellow canadian thanks. 
insta15215 3 days left ain't right without my guy . good to see him playing a sport he might be good at. lol. thanks chris. in 
insta15216 one of the best guys i know. knows! what do you mean? 
insta15217 3 days 
insta15218 this song is going worldwide in see u soon france! thanks for the support! what do you mean? 
insta15220 u know i love country. thanks . what do you mean. 
insta15221 it is a beautiful day. on my way to see 4 days to go. 
insta15222 had fun tonight !!! thanks billboard 
insta15223 what do you mean? 
insta15225 it's a beautiful sunday and my friend and the family know we got until :) 
insta15226 5 days 
insta15228 what do you mean? 
insta15229 thanks see u monday. what do you mean? 
insta15230 this is worldwide. what do you mean? 
insta15231 6 days 
insta15232 what do you mean? chris martin of thanks 
insta15233 amazing album by is out today. really proud of her. and she loves get her album today and :) 
insta15234 thanks. 
insta15235 7 days... 1 week to go 
insta15236 what do you mean? thanks music video on the way 
insta15237 is the man. 
insta15239 what do you mean? she has always been there for me. love ellen. see you soon. 
insta15240 8 days 
insta15241 8 days 
insta15242 and the girls now go crazy lol. thanks guys 
insta15243 love this guy. 
insta15244 9 days 
insta15245 thanks . what do you mean? 
insta15246 10 days. also 
insta15247 what do you mean? 
insta15248 11 days 
insta15249 what do you mean? 
insta15250 thanks 
insta15251 12 days 
insta15252 thanks 13 days 
insta15253 13 days 
insta15254 thanks . what do you mean? :) 
insta15257 14 days 
insta15258 what do you mean? taking it worldwide . 
insta15259 15 days 
insta15260 what do you mean? lol feel better meghan 
insta15261 16 days 
insta15262 thanks. until 
insta15263 17 days 
insta15264 hottest couple in the game 
insta15265 what do you mean? 
insta15266 18 days 
insta15267 caught a big one lol 
insta15268 what do you mean? 
insta15269 19 days 
insta15270 what do you mean? 
insta15271 20 days 
insta15273 miss u buddy 
insta15276 21 days 
insta15277 lil bro showing me his karate on facetime 
insta15278 what do you mean? 
insta15279 22 days 
insta15280 what do you mean? hanging with a bunch of people who met on farmers only dot com. lol. but no 
insta15281 what do you mean? 
insta15282 23 days 
insta15283 what do you mean? 
insta15284 24 days 
insta15285 when my big bro can't spell my name right. smh. get him! lol. 
insta15286 what do you mean? 
insta15287 25 days 
insta15288 had fun tonight 
insta15289 boys night 
insta15292 26 days 
insta15293 27 days 
insta15294 even is excited. 
insta15295 my single what do you mean is coming out stay tuned!! 
insta15297 28 days 
insta15298 what do you mean? 
insta15299 29 days 
insta15300 literally dead 
insta15301 what do you mean 
insta15302 30 days 
insta15303 with the coolest baldwin i know 
insta15304 tonight at 9/8c on 
insta15305 waves are out of control 
insta15306 taller than 
insta15309 my chill spot 
insta15312 thank you kanye for the shoes 
insta15313 love these nike sb's 
insta15314 don't be a someday thinker 
insta15318 :hundred_points: 
insta15321 esther 
insta15323 where r ü now that i need ü 
insta15324 wow kelly makes me feel some type of way :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: no disrespect i know she's married! 
insta15328 couldn't chose which one to post 
insta15330 my pup 
insta15331 hey i deleted the photo of my butt on instagram not because i thought it was bad but someone close to me's daughter follows me and she was embarrassed that she saw my butt and i totally wasn't thinking in that aspect. and i felt awful that she felt bad. to anyone i may have offended i'm so sorry. it was completely pure hearted as a joke but didn't take in account there are littles following me!!! love u guys 
insta15332 lol thanks for watching out for me got my wisdom teeth out and haven't slept!! where you at 
insta15333 this is for the strongest couple i know chad and julia veach! their daughter was born with lissencephaly. she is incredible and has the sweetest soul. you guys make me better and i'm blessed to have you in my life 
insta15336 met and hung out with the coolest married couples last night and then this happened 
insta15337 exactly why i hate sharks they told us reef sharks don't bite 
insta15338 happy 4th 
insta15340 sometimes we feel like why am in this place right now why am i not where i wanna be? there are lessons you can learn on the journey that you can't get when you are at your destination. the best is yet to come! 
insta15341 you're only as good as the people you surround yourself with 
insta15344 fix my eyes :backhand_index_pointing_up: 
insta15346 smiles 
insta15348 vans on vans on vans 
insta15349 back with the two best human beings on the planet they inspire me to be better, thank you for pouring your heart out to me so i can continue to pour into others 
insta15350 what tree is this 
insta15351 where are you now video monday 
insta15352 love this guy 
insta15353 this white wall is infamous 
insta15354 jaxon you are something else 
insta15356 :flexed_biceps_medium_skin_tone: 
insta15357 we made it 
insta15358 all i'm missin is a bride 
insta15359 outfits on point 
insta15360 life is what u make it 
insta15361 hands up it was a pleasure sharing the stage with u 
insta15364 on my way 
insta15367 some things you have to learn in the valley that you can't learn on the mountain top 
insta15368 this reminds me how amazing life is supposed to be.. if you are discouraged listen to this song it will bring you supernatural peace, at least it did for me! 
insta15369 shoutout & 
insta15370 all day 
insta15372 start with nothing leave with something 
insta15373 boys are back in town 
insta15375 when two or more come together 
insta15376 family time 
insta15377 check the boots 
insta15378 love this kid 
insta15380 [pasdefaux] shout out to my boy mthe ceo and designer of for the pieces 
insta15381 please listen to this. this is sooooo good. i can't stop listening to it. i haven't been blown away like this in a long time. allen stone u are amazing my emotions are moving and i don't know what to do lol 
insta15384 the one and only 
insta15385 where should i go 
insta15389 never lose your sense of wonder 
insta15390 lol 
insta15394 photo by: 
insta15395 photo by: 
insta15397 :face_savoring_food: 
insta15398 add my snapchat: rickthesizzler 
insta15399 pit stop in alaska hong kong here we come 
insta15404 action jaxon 
insta15409 and the cuteness just won't stop 
insta15410 love you more than anything jaxon 
insta15411 check out mateo, great song. proud of you bud 
insta15417 what a muffin 
insta15418 look who's layin on my lap 
insta15419 get off ur phone 
insta15420 thank u for the fear of god stuff . jerry lorenzo is pushing fashion culture forward and i'm glad to know him. 
insta15422 u can see my nips if u look close 
insta15423 funniest text today thanks 
insta15424 vindicate me, my god, and plead my cause against an unfaithful nation. rescue me from those who are deceitful and wicked. - psalms 43 i'm not religious nor do i think i have anything figured out that's why i call out on god to help me through what i can't do on my own. developing my relationship with god has been the coolest thing i've experienced, to know that i'm not alone and i don't have to live in fear. never feel like i'm pushing anything on u but sharing the good news i've felt in my own life. 
insta15425 little sweat never hurt nobody 
insta15426 great end to a great day 
insta15427 just got off facetime with the beautiful .. i miss your breakfast, well i guess i miss u too 
insta15428 i love you 
insta15430 :raising_hands: 
insta15432 me and the boys. i love these guys 
insta15433 i love cali 
insta15435 this little 4'9 woman may not look like a mom but she is, and she's the best at it!. this woman taught me everything i know, how to love how to be compassionate how to be strong when the only thing u wanna be is weak how to stand when all you want to do is fall. if it wasn't for this woman lets just say i would have had a way longer stupid phase. i love u and thank u for not giving up on me! 
insta15437 (via 
insta15442 me and the queen 
insta15443 (via 
insta15446 let's go champ 
insta15449 cartoon me 
insta15451 sometimes i wonder 
insta15452 i love u 
insta15453 little nhl to end the night 
insta15456 i just landed in europe, shopping bags i'm a tourist 
insta15460 new internet phenomenon 
insta15461 if i had the swag this kid has when i was his age. kids these days got the sauce! 
insta15464 and i 
insta15466 late nights in miami 
insta15467 had fun with u ariana, even tho i forgot all the words haha 
insta15468 mason is cool as a fan 
insta15469 the kids gotta eat too 
insta15471 today is randomly national puppy day 
insta15475 say hello to the newest member of the bieber family 
insta15477 just met the cutest baby ever 
insta15479 great night tonight boys.. shoutout it was his night 
insta15480 madonna 
insta15481 work hard play hard 
insta15482 i like this fit 
insta15483 ducati on a tuesday 
insta15486 night 
insta15489 getting the champ ready for the fight 
insta15491 ready for the roast 
insta15492 woooooooooooooooo 
insta15493 great time at glad i could be a part of it. great cause! got to help make college a reality for cancer survivors. 
insta15494 hello old bieber hair i got it back lol 
insta15495 hard work. dedication 
insta15499 great birthday ♛ and i'm not fat it's the angle 
insta15500 just some fun and games 
insta15502 look at pops double chin 
insta15505 happy birthday ed ! 
insta15507 with good people 
insta15508 love u 
insta15509 and it's just a mixtape. 
insta15511 new yeezys 
insta15512 straight out of sons of anarchy 
insta15513 600 yards 
insta15518 dichotomy 
insta15520 ♛ 
insta15521 congrats great show 
insta15522 my lil cutie 
insta15524 not about what you do but who u do it with. love these guys! 
insta15526 met this inspiring young lady kilee! she is so special! 
insta15528 watch ellen this afternoon :) 
insta15529 add me on the shots app, download is in my bio 
insta15530 my boy montez from workaholics 
insta15532 nice pose ryan :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta15534 ryan thinks he's superman smh 
insta15535 beautiful. any day now scoot and yael 
insta15537 photoshop lol 
insta15538 scarlett johansson is soooo awesome 
insta15539 for all u fools saying cut my hair it's in an awkward stage i'm sorry lol. but i'm growing it out and there's gonna a be a period of time where it looks dumb lol a hat only does so much. lol 
insta15540 haha saw this driving by pretty sick 
insta15541 :smirking_face::see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta15542 for her 
insta15543 good morning 
insta15544 my brothaaaa 
insta15547 this is just the start of the year 
insta15548 officially a part of the legacy. check out for more. 
insta15552 i love this song https://t.co/130kpb7oz6 
insta15554 this dude 
insta15555 love this guy one of my best friends and wouldn't want bring in the new year with anyone else!! 
insta15557 look at the lady to the left she's like wtf is going on 
insta15559 always look forward and never look back 
insta15560 don't let your surroundings affect your beliefs 
insta15561 it was all a dream- biggie 
insta15562 my break is for a reason. u will soon see :) thank u for your patience ** 
insta15563 merry christmas she's a beauty 
insta15564 new jet for christmas, and she's beautiful 
insta15565 the two blondies 
insta15566 small town boy at heart no harm in a little 
insta15567 merry christmas 
insta15569 christmas eve 
insta15570 we're matching 
insta15571 looks like jordan 
insta15572 playin hockey with the lil bro and 
insta15574 aren't we all just searching for peace 
insta15575 why the need for two guns fool and good work today we were killin everyone.:water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol::water_pistol: 
insta15576 people are crazy. i'm super single and this is my good friend u would know otherwise 
insta15578 had fun with the homey 
insta15579 :sushi::sushi: 
insta15581 studio 
insta15582 quit touchin my butt 
insta15583 r.i.p sammy :sleepy_face::crying_face::crying_face: you were the best puppy ever 
insta15586 photoshoot with 
insta15587 thanks for a great day. 
insta15589 support the cause ♛ www.pdfclothing.com 
insta15590 grand opening of the new shop meet me there 2101 w empire ave burbank, ca 91504 here now 
insta15593 3 stooges 
insta15595 nyc with the clown posse 
insta15596 gonna miss u laura :weary_face: but more so your breakfast 
insta15598 made a snowman with this little cutie. make memories with the ones you love! 
insta15599 create space and boundaries in your life. things become messy otherwise. 
insta15602 what are we living for :Statue_of_Liberty: 
insta15603 happy birthday love you 
insta15604 miss my mom :( 
insta15605 one of the best guys i know 
insta15606 be intentional with everything you do 
insta15610 throwback with me and lol i thought i was eminem died my hair blonde every summer 
insta15613 "the old is gone the new is here" 
insta15615 it's easy to love when you feel it, but love when it's hard to love. 
insta15616 (via 
insta15617 ♛ 
insta15618 chi town 
insta15622 locked and loaded 
insta15624 soph ur the best 
insta15625 what matters 
insta15626 don't miss what's right in front of you 
insta15627 for those who look at someone else's instagram and say i wish my life was like that. know that often instagram is not who people really are but who they want people to think they are. i'm choosing to not let other people define me. 
insta15628 these two rock 
insta15631 meal with the boyz 
insta15632 come to our grand opening ♛ 
insta15634 my two brothers killin it at the hillsong conference. gods moving. love u guys 
insta15635 as long as i get there. 
insta15637 lil whodie bout that action 
insta15639 is my trainer 
insta15641 it's even better saying when in rome when your actually in rome 
insta15642 where is goliath ;) 
insta15643 vatican 
insta15646 me and pops on a world adventure 
insta15649 thank you lord for my blessing:globe_showing_Asia-Australia: 
insta15650 ♛ 
insta15652 til next time paris 
insta15654 big things coming with my friend 
insta15655 karl lagerfeld 
insta15656 paris :Tokyo_tower: 
insta15657 i've been on this break for too long. 
insta15662 throwback 
insta15666 refect 
insta15668 to start something new you have to stop something old.what are you living for? what is your calling? set standards and boundaries 
insta15669 smh so tired i woke up on the floor in my living room 
insta15670 fishin 
insta15673 day 1 
insta15674 thank u for the love 
insta15677 sunflowers 
insta15679 hope u had a good bday 
insta15681 stand for something 
insta15682 painted my shoes it was fun 
insta15684 at the pool before heading over to see the champ (via 
insta15686 ursher 
insta15687 just stripped on national television hahahaha it wasn't planned lmao 
insta15688 most devoted musician alive 
insta15694 what did they expect? go listen to za (he's singing on the hook 2) on soundcloud now 
insta15696 (via 
insta15697 with the homie 
insta15701 they try and get in the way of this.. 
insta15704 yung jaxo already saggin atta boy 
insta15705 a long story short is out now 
insta15708 they gave me the sad cowboy hat 
insta15712 ft. & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/dont-shoot-feat.-rick-ross/id913324810?ls=1 proceeds go to http://www.gofundme.com/justiceformikebrown 
insta15714 i miss u guys i'll see u soon :) 
insta15715 finishing "a long story short" 
insta15716 all i see is the top 
insta15717 (via 
insta15718 with the homies and ♛ 
insta15722 watch my artist perform acoustic on tomorrow morning at 9:30 am et! 
insta15723 me and my dad love u faja 
insta15725 why did my mom get my haircut like the guy from dumb and dumber 
insta15726 my brother 
insta15728 mobbin through the streets 
insta15729 ur boy got rid of his stash 
insta15730 my design 1 of 1 pink suede 
insta15731 beard game strong lol 
insta15732 he's in it to win it 
insta15734 good day yesterday 
insta15737 riding dirty :))) (via 
insta15739 from with and and 
insta15743 kim and kanyes kid is swagged out.. 
insta15747 and we're off 
insta15748 ep dropping soon 
insta15749 i'm done 
insta15750 happy birthday ;) glad i got to spend it with u. so dope watching u grow up 
insta15751 acoustic album? 
insta15752 still in the lab ♛ 
insta15753 still got the chain, my bro. ♛ 
insta15755 just got to facetime with malala yousafzai. she has such an incredible story. i can't wait to meet her in person and talk about how i can support her and the 
insta15757 i knew i was a damn tiger 
insta15759 mornings in cali * 
insta15765 miss u guys :( 
insta15766 download the shots app. i'm following people back in there right now. it's available on android too :). 
insta15768 damn cute!! :) 
insta15769 leaving ibiza 
insta15771 ♛ 
insta15773 comin soon they watch me like i'm tv or some 
insta15776 but the vision is clear 
insta15777 who's your daddy 
insta15778 celebrating birthday 
insta15779 can't complain 
insta15780 celebrate 
insta15781 ibiza with ♛ 
insta15782 and 
insta15783 ibiza 
insta15784 me and the beautiful and don't even start with dating rumors. 
insta15786 this is my brother for life .. real, true and has one of the biggest hearts i know. 
insta15788 me and switched hats ♛ 
insta15789 off 2 paradise 
insta15791 ♛ 
insta15792 this is what i live for 
insta15793 me and gettin ready for the season 
insta15794 stay strong 
insta15795 dream big 
insta15796 download the app shots if u wanna be on the next shit 
insta15797 brunch (via 
insta15800 who is this guess model. she's stunning 
insta15801 (via 
insta15802 me and from smallville (via 
insta15804 congrats again scooter and yael 
insta15809 pushin it 
insta15810 once again we made it :) 
insta15811 ash i see u in ur 
insta15812 coolin with my living room got the vibes 
insta15813 ♛ me and my team 
insta15814 tell em ;) ur so sweet 
insta15816 back at it 
insta15817 innocence 
insta15818 thank you guys for setting up paintballing, be back soon 
insta15819 nope lmao (via 
insta15820 kill or be killed 
insta15822 we made it 
insta15823 smiles (via 
insta15824 i'm biggest fan 
insta15825 the power and the lives we can change, 
insta15826 (via 
insta15827 what a solid core . lol 
insta15828 classic car pose lmao 
insta15829 studio (via 
insta15831 night watching (via 
insta15832 dinner for 2 ;) 
insta15837 studio in the kitchen 
insta15838 "can't you tell i'm fly as hell just copped some shit from ysl" 
insta15839 i love this girl. such an inspiration for young women. good seeing you soph. 
insta15840 god's creation 
insta15841 where u at 
insta15842 please don't judge me and i won't judge you, cuz things could get ugly before they get beautiful. 
insta15844 i heard about alicia’s passing this weekend. my heart goes out to her family and loved ones. i remember meeting alicia a few times at my m&g's. she did so much for the belieber family and i will always love her for that. god is great and i know he will take alicia into his arms and make sure she is happy so she can also watch over us. i love you alicia. - justin 
insta15845 all you need is love 
insta15846 congrats yael ;) u looked like a princess last night. and damn i can't believe scooter found someone that puts up with his bs ;) love you guys. 
insta15847 is one of the only people on my ipod 
insta15850 talk to me girl 
insta15851 ♛ 
insta15852 just the beginning 
insta15853 ♛ 
insta15854 told you i got you guys ;) night 
insta15856 (via 
insta15857 with the and 
insta15858 my next kaws art piece 
insta15860 good game ♛ 
insta15861 had to reverse yam it in the bet celeb basketball game lmao 
insta15863 good night with friends 
insta15864 back in the gym 
insta15865 slept all day, up all night ♛ 
insta15866 back in the lab 
insta15867 gotcha 
insta15868 is an emoji 
insta15869 ♛ 
insta15870 hey u quit lookin at me like that 
insta15871 studio with my producer 
insta15872 choppin it up with 
insta15874 (via 
insta15875 bible study with judah smith 
insta15876 happy bday scoot 
insta15879 throwback 
insta15880 cali 
insta15881 love u been my brother since day 1 ♛ 
insta15882 check out the one and only producer, singer, song writer my artist single it's 
insta15884 studio, me and cb did 1 for the fans. 
insta15886 alone and comfy 
insta15887 studio 
insta15889 dear lord, 
insta15890 night 
insta15891 night 
insta15892 lincoln lawyer 
insta15893 the on deck (via 
insta15894 me and my art piece from kaws thanks ;) 
insta15897 yg 
insta15898 thanks sheckler for having me and kalfanzo sk8 at ur park ♛ 
insta15899 me and and back in my blue room 
insta15901 stay healthy 
insta15902 vine coming soon with (via 
insta15903 patience 
insta15904 i see you in that dolce dress. glad u had fun. :) 
insta15905 runnin with who do u think is faster 
insta15906 congrats adam. !! he's now a married man!!!!! 
insta15907 all love. 
insta15908 me and my bro 
insta15909 god's creation 
insta15910 went to watch the sunrise by the rocks. a moment i will never forget 
insta15911 suit game strong 
insta15912 "i just wanna go fast" - ricky bobby. monaco ♛ 
insta15913 good morning ♛ 
insta15914 i'm not perfect but god is. 
insta15915 congratulations amfar for raising 35 million. ♛ 
insta15916 hôtel du cap 
insta15918 give me some space. i know i look fly but shit 
insta15919 me and the homies in cannes 
insta15921 cannes ♛ 
insta15922 i think she foreign, i think she foreign 
insta15923 lord knows ♛ 
insta15924 taking off ;) 
insta15925 hoopin with the boyz left his jump shot at home, i left my height. 
insta15926 "bae caught me sleeping" 
insta15927 gotham 
insta15929 it's official me and are partners! 
insta15930 is that young indiana jones. 
insta15931 "but i don't want your money sir" 
insta15932 pure bred stallion 
insta15933 me and in the studio 
insta15935 my mom has taught me how to love, forgive and believe. she is my everything ♛ 
insta15936 and u know i got dat . ♛ . (via 
insta15937 she told me to give her a kiss on the cheek and she turned lol 
insta15938 happy mothers day mama and all the other amazing mothers out there :) 
insta15939 easy money 
insta15941 movie night with the fellas thanks thomas tull. congrats 
insta15943 ♛ 
insta15946 sleepin like his mama just tucked him in lmao 
insta15947 be happy you are amazing 
insta15948 ♛ 
insta15950 we are all champions. ♛ 
insta15951 :) 
insta15952 ♛ 
insta15953 i guess everyone i get photo'd with is automatically my girlfriend. this is my only gf :p .. had fun at the fight lil one see u soon.! 
insta15954 venice beach with my friend yovanna 
insta15956 "you can't go into a ring, fight dirty and try to win against the most technical fighter in the sport." 
insta15957 46-0 ♛ 
insta15959 he can't lose ♛ love u champ 
insta15960 ♛ 
insta15962 debo from friday 
insta15963 make sure to get fight tonight on ppv! i’ll be walking him out with a special surprise ♛ 
insta15964 my view from the (via 
insta15967 congrats on your number 1 song. ?? 
insta15968 this is my favorite song right right now 
insta15969 cheetah boy ran faster than my escalade to take a pic love this guy!!! 
insta15971 night 
insta15972 nyc 
insta15973 ♛ 
insta15974 super cute proud of you :) 
insta15975 signature justin bieber buscemi :p 
insta15976 when people try and break u i got your back, just like you got mine. 
insta15977 follow my soundcloud it's sirbizzle for random songs if u like good music 
insta15978 with the cover art page me and with the vocals 
insta15979 was gonna wait to go to central park for when i proposed to my future wife but shit sometimes things change. ♛ i'll think of something more romantic. 
insta15980 ♛ 
insta15981 easy$$ my brother 
insta15982 bye japan 
insta15983 harajuku 
insta15984 ♛ 
insta15985 where to next? 
insta15986 love your neighbor as yourself. and btw your neighbor isn't just the one next door ;) ♛ 
insta15987 throwback 
insta15988 i am fashion 
insta15989 ♛ 
insta15990 be careful. i might sign the girl in the white as a track and field star 
insta15991 while in japan i asked my driver to pull over for which i saw a beautiful shrine. i was mislead to think the shrines were only a place of prayer. to anyone i have offended i am extremely sorry. i love you china and i love you japan 
insta15992 if you like good music download asher roths album on itunes. 5 stars 
insta15993 universal japan thank you 
insta15994 west side 
insta15995 ♛ 
insta15997 ♛ 
insta15998 thankful for god's everlasting love. 
insta15999 follow 
insta16000 sometimes people need to sit down . 
insta16001 don't you know me anymore 
insta16002 ♛ haha 
insta16003 ♛ 
insta16004 super relaxed watching the longest yard 
insta16006 ♛ me and wayne 
insta16007 me and tunechi in the studio 
insta16008 back to peace ♛ 
insta16010 if u are reading this u are amazing ;) 
insta16011 it was about that time ♛ 
insta16012 ♛ me and 
insta16013 studio with uncle stunna (via 
insta16015 uncle stunna luv. my first bugatti ♛ 
insta16016 wondering if she's too high maintenance 
insta16017 ♛ 
insta16018 ♛ 
insta16019 new music 
insta16021 scooter ur burnt 
insta16022 city bus ♛ 
insta16023 know who you really are not what people tell you you are. ♛ 
insta16024 on em 
insta16025 u know ur burnt chaz haha luv u bra 
insta16026 ♛ 
insta16027 catch up. i'm too far ahead. the younger generation gets it ♛ 
insta16028 margiela 
insta16029 no time to waste ♛ 
insta16030 ♛ 
insta16031 competitive nature* 
insta16032 treasure ♛ 
insta16035 done with tats 4 a while... where i wanna be.. 
insta16036 ♛ 
insta16037 i love you korea ♛ 
insta16038 love!!!! great job man ♛ 
insta16039 bet. 
insta16040 love it when we're "lovey dovey" 
insta16041 ♛ 
insta16042 this is james dean inspired. don't ask me if i smoke ciggys cuz i don't ♛ 
insta16043 moon boots 
insta16044 ♛ 
insta16045 congrats and 
insta16046 ♛ 
insta16047 ♛ he did it again 
insta16048 gotcha girlfriend at my crib watchin netflix 
insta16049 i do this 4 u 
insta16050 amazing hanging out with these incredible beliebers :) (via 
insta16051 ♛ 
insta16052 get my bro adam's book founder of pencil of promise. it talks a little about some of our travels together and us sharing a room, he slapped the shit out of my back lol read why, it's also one of the most inspiring books i've ever read. proud of you adam :) 
insta16053 best music i've ever made ♛ 
insta16054 i'm in the studio all day everyday for the ones who believe in me and support me :) you fall but you rise back up stronger. be great ♛ 
insta16055 me and my bro 
insta16056 on the regular 
insta16057 get my new shoes through adidas 
insta16058 catch me if you can ♛ 
insta16059 :) studio 
insta16060 met this beautiful fan who waited outside for 24 hours her phone died so i told her i got her back ;) 
insta16061 been in the studio for over 24 hours (via 
insta16062 great night in the studio ♛ 
insta16063 everyone has someone they look up to. ♛ 
insta16065 love you buddy 
insta16066 this is my brother jaxon bieber 
insta16067 ♛ 
insta16068 in the studio with 
insta16069 your laughter is contagious love you 
insta16071 (via 
insta16072 i said it i mean it there's no way around it 
insta16073 ♛ 
insta16074 morning 
insta16075 good morning, god loves you 
insta16076 most elegant princess in the world. 
insta16077 my bro 
insta16078 no more monkey business :p 
insta16079 checkout some new exclusive music on livemixtapes.com comes out in 1 minute 
insta16080 workaholics? or breaking bad? or east bound and down? 
insta16082 still working 
insta16083 bout to put on some workaholics maybe some east bound and down 
insta16084 who are you 
insta16085 crew ♛ 
insta16086 in the studio with ti 
insta16088 ♛ 
insta16089 classy night 
insta16092 follow my artist ♛ 
insta16093 ♛ 
insta16094 i have the greatest dad in the world. he's taught me how to love, learn, and stay true to myself. i will forever be grateful because he was my superehero 
insta16097 thank u lord ♛ 
insta16098 "what more can they say" ♛ 
insta16099 jb 
insta16100 shoutout to lil wayne for showin love and opening up his park for us 
insta16101 this is how i get to enjoy the beach. :( 
insta16102 i love the sunrise 
insta16103 i'm in cuba i love cubans 
insta16104 "the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy" - martin luther king ♛ 
insta16106 u ass leep???? 
insta16107 $ 
insta16109 great day 
insta16110 and had a little spill on the mountain 
insta16113 me cajz 
insta16114 me and my little princess 
insta16117 vegas view last night from the ♛ 
insta16120 love 
insta16121 love the way you look at me 
insta16123 studio with kid cudi 
insta16124 me and young kalfanito on the slopes 
insta16125 ready for the cold "i'm fat but yeah" 
insta16126 snowmobiling ♛ 
insta16127 turn up 
insta16128 how could i not 
insta16129 i might just surprise you 
insta16130 snowy christmas 
insta16131 it's finally here. bring the family and have fun. merry christmas. thanks 
insta16132 that's love. thank you. in over 50 countries. it's all about the music - http://smarturl.it/journals 
insta16133 lil jazzy and i watching despicable me 2 
insta16134 special thanks to poo bear, maejor ali, rodney jerkins, julian swirsky, soundz, dre and most of all my ♛ 
insta16135 complete my http://smarturl.it/journals 
insta16136 what is your favorite song on take a pic and show me u got it. http://smarturl.it/journals 
insta16137 complete my now! on itunes - honesty - take it to http://smarturl.it/journals 
insta16138 complete my on itunes tonight at midnight. 
insta16139 worldwide. japan. 
insta16141 bieber clause gonna take you on a sleigh ride tonight 
insta16144 swirv ♛ 
insta16145 me and the fam 
insta16146 my bro young pose 
insta16148 my favorite 
insta16155 look down 
insta16156 music video coming soon 
insta16157 video set 
insta16159 ♛ 
insta16160 big news!!! wrote another smash this week! want you to have it! making it a christmas gift and moving to the 23rd! so... monday 12.23 
insta16161 get my artist to a million on insta 
insta16162 this monday 12.16 
insta16163 monday 12.16 
insta16164 monday 12.16 
insta16165 monday 12.16 
insta16166 monday 12.16 
insta16167 monday 12.16 
insta16168 monday 12.16 
insta16169 monday 12.16 
insta16170 watching kick ass 2 
insta16171 most touching trip of my life. 
insta16172 blue 
insta16173 this little rascal ♛ 
insta16174 back in the studio with 
insta16175 with on itunes now http://smarturl.it/iconfident 
insta16176 i'm just flexin 
insta16177 12 hours to go 
insta16178 last night of the tour great show perth 
insta16181 god's wonders 
insta16182 nasty but she's fancy 
insta16183 new adidas i designed 
insta16184 at the top why stop now themoneyteam.com 
insta16185 1 more show :( 
insta16186 go to my app shots of me and upload i follow my fans on there 
insta16187 ur a towel 
insta16188 australian sun 
insta16189 boys where are the woman at? lol 
insta16190 rip 
insta16192 are you ready? my new single featuring sunday at midnight 
insta16193 innocence 
insta16194 my beliebers are f********* amazing i love you! 
insta16195 gave my little buddy a pencil 
insta16196 shelly shelly :) 
insta16197 miss u guys "shelly i miss your cheeks :)" 
insta16198 oh oh ;) 
insta16199 me and my girl kate :) she's so strong 
insta16201 :) 
insta16202 live life love life -justin bieber 
insta16203 love this kid 
insta16204 http://vevo.ly/hmw5px 
insta16205 that's love. thank u. 
insta16206 it's out. new http://smarturl.it/jbchangeme 
insta16208 culture kings hooked it up thanks again 
insta16209 lets be honest 
insta16211 yep 
insta16212 kalfani 
insta16213 eagle 
insta16214 fresh new tat 
insta16216 change me this sunday at midnight. 
insta16217 ♛ 
insta16218 i'm turnt 
insta16223 ♛ 
insta16224 when they tell me is 
insta16225 did you get yet? what do you think? :) thank you http://smarturl.it/ijbrollercoaster 
insta16226 know you ain't a model you should let me take some pics tho 
insta16227 download on itunes 
insta16228 is now available on itunes. if you got it then upload a screenshot and tag and i will search, find and like your picture ;) 
insta16229 it's out. get now! :) http://smarturl.it/ijbrollercoaster 
insta16231 watch short film here. u hear that piano? https://t.co/gnnjxtaxp8 
insta16232 skaters be like " you can't skate". 
insta16233 swirv ♛ 
insta16234 it's young bday 
insta16236 damn they caught me 
insta16237 flexed up lol 
insta16239 art is in the eye of the beholder 
insta16242 live laugh love 
insta16244 ♛ 
insta16245 blessed 
insta16246 hit em with the finesse 
insta16247 put you down on itunes rignt now 
insta16248 me and my bros and 
insta16251 everyone wish my lil brother a big happy birthday. i love you 
insta16253 turn down 
insta16254 video coming soon. request at radio. thanks 
insta16255 u like 
insta16256 love to the i met at the shoot yesterday. 
insta16257 thank u. love u 
insta16258 it's out. featuring - - - http://smarturl.it/jbpyd 
insta16259 less than 3 hours to go 
insta16260 we all can help 
insta16261 a lil sleepy terrence? 
insta16262 put you down 
insta16263 you counting down to midnight with me? new song featuring tonight at midnight. get ready. 
insta16264 follow me at http://shots.me/justinbieber 
insta16265 pyd pyd pyd. this sunday at midnight. me and 
insta16266 see the trailer. http://bit.ly/believetrailer 
insta16267 all that matters at radio! request it! thanks 
insta16268 when u get tickets to you might get a gift next week. 
insta16269 the trailer today at 10am pst on yahoo movies. presale tix start today and get access to a new song from 
insta16270 video on the way 
insta16271 ;) 
insta16272 me and my dad hiking 
insta16273 send me a pic of you purchasing and i'll like it 
insta16274 u 2 bro 
insta16276 love u sis 
insta16277 i ain't all bad. 
insta16278 new. sunday at midnight. 
insta16279 this is one loyal fan ;) 
insta16280 up all night 
insta16281 love u lil buddy 
insta16282 only police escorts 
insta16283 every place i have tagged has been approved i do not suggest tagging private property.. i still suck but i have fun doing it ;) 
insta16284 this is my escape 
insta16285 everyone loves penguins 
insta16286 who's gon stop me haaannn 
insta16287 these are the first beliebers i met in argentina.. you are my all 
insta16288 great shot pap great shot, i might frame this 
insta16289 what i travel the world for ;) 
insta16290 sometimes i get emotional. you guys bring it out of me thank u 
insta16291 "im crazy, yeah that's just what this game made me, i may need to replace these dumb faces and maybe i need to refrain from the people who won't let me remain me but i'm gonna still remain me" - me 
insta16292 bad day is out 
insta16293 love u brazil 
insta16294 to all my brazilian fans you are incredible!!!! 
insta16295 bad day 
insta16296 bad day 
insta16297 this from the heart i need u to 
insta16298 this is love 
insta16299 make the music you want to make jai waetford god has really blessed you. i'm a fan and i haven't been impressed like this in a very long time 
insta16301 my bro and my artist get ready for some great new music from the both of us 
insta16302 street art 
insta16303 getting better 
insta16304 rip pac 
insta16305 i found a new hobby 
insta16306 this little angel 
insta16307 tomorrow night. 
insta16308 are you ready for another new song? another tomorrow night at midnight. 
insta16309 lesssss gooooooooo 
insta16310 out now 
insta16311 maybe next time ;) 
insta16312 live life love life 
insta16314 tonight at midnight hold tight comes out 
insta16316 hold tight comes out sunday at midnight 
insta16317 i look strange with blue eyes 
insta16318 really, a pimple on my lip. it's over with for pimples.. where's my proactive at ? 
insta16319 "that hold on tight, them lips won't let me go" 
insta16320 ladies 
insta16321 two songs coming this week 
insta16324 i love diplo but he has nothing to do with all that matters shout out to dre and poo bear 
insta16325 me and got the highest score possible 
insta16326 rest and relaxation 
insta16327 you're all that matters to me 
insta16328 "all that matters" 
insta16330 all that matters is next on lets go 
insta16333 me and my trainer 
insta16335 this shirt is hard... 
insta16338 u can all help ;) 
insta16345 china 
insta16348 watching workaholics 
insta16350 love you beliebers 
insta16355 wow blessed 
insta16358 me and chaz 
insta16360 "work hard play hard be safe praise god" 
insta16384 new boy band there comin out the woodwork 
insta16385 studio sunrise 
insta16387 love you bro 
insta16388 check out my official dj mixtape 
insta16389 this pesto is bomb 
insta16390 breezy spray painted my half pipe. he's super dope 
insta16392 back in the studio 
insta16394 gonna sleep at the studio 
insta16395 studio 
insta16397 me and terrell owens 
insta16398 me and 
insta16399 happy birthday for real 
insta16401 throwback 
insta16402 haha 
insta16404 break finally 
insta16405 just landed super tired 
insta16407 youuu 
insta16408 tmz this is for u :) 
insta16409 remember where you come from 
insta16410 the homey 
insta16411 catch us in the sprinter van 
insta16412 katt ur funny 
insta16413 studio always 
insta16414 3 bosses 
insta16415 introduced me to fat burger 
insta16416 listening to some new music with pharrell and tyler. 
insta16417 chillin with 
insta16418 get off ur phone jacque 
insta16419 back in the studio 
insta16420 art is everywhere 
insta16421 art is everywhere 
insta16422 was playing with snakes the other day.. watching the other guys again !! will ferrell is so funny 
insta16423 chilling with the boys and j 
insta16424 jaxon is definitely a bieber always shirtless lol 
insta16425 in the studio making a smash with my bro 
insta16426 me and uncle will 
insta16427 chillin with the boys at home... kevin durant, tyson chandler and carl lentz. 
insta16428 always give back.. ;) 
insta16430 creeper 
insta16431 no offdays 
insta16432 on our way 
insta16434 watching premiere right now on tune in and watch with me! 
insta16435 1day vacay 
insta16438 non touch me whips 
insta16439 catch me if u can 
insta16440 art 
insta16442 beliebers are everything 
insta16443 the crew and chaz open ur eyes for once 
insta16444 looking forward to buying my big bro album hall of fame on august 27th 
insta16446 with the alexander mcqueen 
insta16448 theteam 
insta16449 get ready toronto !!!!!! 
insta16450 shoutout to my big brother for blessing me with this ovo chain 
insta16451 bout to hit the stage in boston wish me luck 
insta16452 where's waldo lol 
insta16458 love you gramma 
insta16459 nothing like a grandfathers love 
insta16461 these lights make all my pics look like that 
insta16462 sparkling water is tasty 
insta16463 look its peter pan 
insta16464 did this art ., moms always watching ;) 
insta16465 sunset is unbelievable 
insta16466 getting a massage watching the sunset not a bad evening 
insta16467 wow this warms my heart 
insta16468 wow this warms my heart 
insta16469 that outfit is so hard 
insta16470 thank you for always standing by my side , 
insta16471 i do this only 4 u :) 
insta16474 is that 2chainz or 
insta16475 we wanna hear said the pepper 
insta16476 she's ready to turn up 
insta16477 someone find this girl ;) 
insta16478 would u turn up with me and ?? 
insta16482 thank you lord for my fans 
insta16485 i want all of you 
insta16486 me and my brother 
insta16488 my little bieberettes.. 
insta16490 my little baby snow leopard :) miss u buddy 
insta16491 dream big 
insta16494 it's gonna happen suddenly 
insta16495 oh no patricks back "you going to jail now" hahaa 
insta16496 i put my faith in god 
insta16497 bored ...... 
insta16501 turnup 
insta16502 soon.. :p 
insta16503 ryan's drunk as piss 
insta16504 gonna put my dad on that show what not to wear 
insta16505 love 
insta16506 blue is new and u are too a few shoes have shown me clues my crew also knew that zoos have news i'm a poetic genius 
insta16507 i let him borrow my shirt lol 
insta16508 erv listening to 
insta16509 nowhere but up 
insta16510 new musiq 
insta16511 crew 
insta16512 bros 
insta16513 versace 
insta16514 me and my homies and at lunch talking bout our savior jesus christ 
insta16515 to whoever knows this game 
insta16517 laid back in the maybach 
insta16520 you get that camera out of my face 
insta16522 look at tuts 
insta16523 me me franny mally mall at the cribo 
insta16524 sorry but i had to beat big bro on 2k13... who's next? 
insta16525 heartbreaker is on the internet somewhere find it 
insta16526 i guess everyone grows up 
insta16527 ..... for the fans...... 
insta16528 uuuu 
insta16529 i had fun chillin in canada with the family 
insta16530 heartbreaker 
insta16531 don't tell me your my.... 
insta16532 tell a friend to tell a friend 
insta16533 ... coming soon 
insta16534 game 7 
insta16535 :) 
insta16536 the birthday girl is tired 
insta16537 my vision is enormous 
insta16539 golf wang 
insta16541 "time to die" 
insta16542 this chick thinks she's a model 
insta16543 "hey" 
insta16544 cb what's up 
insta16545 god is good 
insta16546 beers in the jungle 
insta16548 goodluck against $ mayweather you're gonna need it 
insta16549 turkey what's good 
insta16550 i dropped the o and the e and just kept the lv- big sean 
insta16551 clique 
insta16552 channel 
insta16553 r u serious 
insta16555 how do kids nowadays know how to work ipads and i hardly knew how to play with my dinky cars 
insta16556 chilling with king 2k 
insta16557 love is in the air 
insta16558 "out of spite i just might flood these streets" -jay z 
insta16559 miss u guys 
insta16560 "the top gets higher the more that i climb" -tune 
insta16561 musiceverywhere 
insta16562 -50 -76 .. 2k champion 
insta16563 so glad i get to see the world. 
insta16566 the new death metal group coming out soon haha 
insta16567 kickin it with og 
insta16568 he's like a human 
insta16569 morning hair 
insta16570 night i love you.. and btw just cuz i'm not smiling doesn't mean im not happy. ;) 
insta16572 l'arc de triomphe 
insta16573 me with 72 winning over making me king 2k 
insta16574 rip stash 
insta16575 if they brought this out to u would u eat it? 
insta16576 stash 
insta16577 tay with the dirty stash 
insta16578 fredo stashed up 
insta16579 tyler also rockin the stash haha 
insta16580 sneakpic lol 
insta16581 growin out the stash lol 
insta16582 "they lovin the crew" 
insta16584 my view 
insta16585 ;) 
insta16586 this is what it's all about !!! l.o.v.3 
insta16587 everyone in my team has been telling me, "keep the press happy" but i'm tired of all the countless lies in the press right now. saying i'm going to rehab and how my family is disappointed in me. my family is beyond proud, and nothing's been said by them, my grandparents wouldnt know how to reach to press even of they did want to so that was a lie and rehab cmon. if anyone believes i need rehab thats their own stupidity lol i'm 19 with 5 number one albums, 19 and i've seen the whole world. 19 and i've accomplished more than i could've ever dreamed of, i'm 19 and it must be scary to some people to think that this is just the beginning. i know my talent level and i know i got my head on straight. i know who i am and i know who i'm not my messege is to to believe. my albums could be about anything but my messages have been to never say never and believe, not to believe in me but to believe in yourself .. i honestly don't care if you don't believe in me because i believe in me, my friends believe, my family believe, my fans believe, and look where that's gotten me so far.. i'm writing this with a smile on my face and love in my heart. letting u know first hand how i feel rather than have these story linger. i'm a good person with a big heart. and don't think i deserve all this negative press i've worked my ass off to get where i am and my hard work doesn't stop here... all this isn't easy. i get angry sometimes. i'm human. i'm gonna make mistakes. in gonna grow and get better from them. but all the love from you guys overcomes the negativity. i love u. thanks 
insta16588 checkout new show 
insta16589 young jb 
insta16590 maybach music 
insta16591 me and my bro 
insta16592 me and 
insta16593 enjoying life 
insta16594 look at this freak 
insta16595 hospital hallways creepy 
insta16596 jaxo ur hairs getting so long 
insta16597 chaz or should i call him by his real name charles 
insta16598 i know i already posted this but i'm gonna put it up again to show love to my big bro judah i love u man u inspire me.. when u have a moment of weakness ask god to be with you and bring his peace. i know for a fact it helps. :) 
insta16599 the funny moment when people believe i brought underage people to a club.. u think will is letting his 14 year old in a club, i don't think so.. 2nd i love how the club wanted to give the press another reason to why we didn't stay at their weak ass club so they wouldn't look bad for me walking in and right back out..i said m "worst bday" but that was due to dummies pushing over my fans and being overly aggressive. btw it wasn't the worst bday cuz all my friends from back home flew in i was just mad in the moment 
insta16600 chaz is the man 
insta16602 but a fan did get me this hat so i'm glad i wore it :) 
insta16603 ryan said you won't go out in that. i said watch mea haha toocolorful next time im gonna wear a black hat 
insta16604 chillin in london with the boys and 
insta16605 "rollercoaster for a minute we were up but the next we were fallin down" -justin bieber 
insta16606 mi eht tseb 
insta16607 fresh 
insta16608 me and ben 
insta16609 just my lips in focus you should kiss me if you notice 
insta16610 woah derr don't go derr, yeah i learned that befo der i stay fly no below derr and my crib u should go derr but that's so rare and that's no fair jb 
insta16611 no one can touch my kicks 
insta16612 jt killin that shhii in london !!! 
insta16613 early morning 
insta16614 put my bro to sleep (with a chokehold) last night, jk he fell asleep in my arms but sometimes big bros gotta put their lil bros in headlocks 
insta16615 vacay 
insta16617 happy valentines 
insta16619 me and jaxo 
insta16620 me and gramma :) 
insta16621 me and grampa :) 
insta16622 jazzy says no pics 
insta16623 me and pops 
insta16624 me and mom 
insta16625 my view 
insta16627 familytime 
insta16628 me and spiderman 
insta16630 sunshine 
insta16631 captain jaxon 
insta16632 me and jaxo 
insta16633 sweet dreams 
insta16634 princess jazzy 
insta16635 omgoodness 
insta16636 watch me on snl tomorrow night thank u lauren ur the man 
insta16637 love u kid 
insta16638 night 
insta16639 this horse loves you 
insta16640 im all fancy poppin s. pellegrino 
insta16641 this is how feels 
insta16642 the criminal 
insta16643 thank u !! 
insta16644 give it a try 
insta16645 what do u think 
insta16646 fun day 
insta16647 on itunes now 
insta16649 young jb 
insta16650 1 sec 
insta16651 after show kiss with mom 
insta16652 swag 
insta16653 mini yang 
insta16654 writing my heart out 
insta16655 u see me in the piano 
insta16657 my security looks like steve wilkos 
insta16658 me and the homey r kelly 
insta16659 haha good morning hair. i look like a peacock 
insta16660 throw ur dukes up with young jb 
insta16661 told u 
insta16664 late night 
insta16666 i could go out on a lim and agree with u the sour patch berries are the swagggg 
insta16668 repost 
insta16669 i love this girl havig the time of her life with her dad at my concert!! 
insta16670 so good 
insta16671 pizza and murder solving shows 
insta16672 what's beaut 
insta16673 hahahahhaha yeah i'll ship you a pair lol 
insta16675 come on guys get off ur phones 
insta16676 to those of u who tell me not to sag my pants. double think that 
insta16677 i sleep with lynx mountain lions 
insta16678 back of the bach at the top with the gwap 
insta16680 this isn't a dog 
insta16681 u been this close to a cheetah 
insta16682 why is this fun 2 u lol 
insta16683 don't attack me bro i'm bigger than u 
insta16684 me and my homey bubbzzzz 
insta16685 cool edit ;) 
insta16686 stop talking and pay attention 
insta16687 love me like you do 
insta16688 this was the ping pong ball after me slamming it on nick jonas lol haha 
insta16689 show off ur ink 
insta16690 look at this bundle of joy.. i love her. 
insta16691 my grandfather always took me to the stratford culliton every friday night this is for u grampa ... my man hooked it up 
insta16692 shutout to 
insta16693 crazy eyes :p 
insta16694 ;) love u 
insta16696 sun peaking through my window 
insta16697 you're lovely 
insta16699 who can stop me 
insta16701 vacay 
insta16703 because because because 
insta16704 i don't wear shorts on stage so no u won't ;) you will see me swag it out on stage though :p 
insta16705 newtat 
insta16707 thank the lord 
insta16708 relaxing 
insta16709 hey guys 
insta16712 love u jax 
insta16713 merry christmas little buddy lol go to sleep ! 
insta16714 chaz sleeping like a baby 
insta16716 with my luv 
insta16718 wow why did i think i was eminem and bleach my hair blonde 
insta16719 green and red for christmas 
insta16720 me and 
insta16721 good news there not gonna take my pics swagggggg 
insta16722 january 16th will be the last day i instagram. i don't want them selling my photo's. 
insta16724 dummy 
insta16725 pure evil 
insta16727 watchout 
insta16729 all alone on the jet, missin u already :( 
insta16730 be a king, treat a woman like a queen 
insta16731 late morning 
insta16732 me and bubbles from trailer park boys 
insta16733 lol 
insta16734 wow this is a cute baby 
insta16735 great pic 
insta16736 only look up 
insta16737 tired 
insta16738 don't believe me just watch 
insta16740 just landed in chicago lurking in the back 
insta16741 i know it's not thursday but lets throwback to when i got the batmomobile from my bro 
insta16742 acoustic album 
insta16743 back in the studio 
insta16744 fettuccini 
insta16745 2chainz 
insta16746 u see half of me 
insta16747 post your funny face on a jet 
insta16748 funny face on the jet 
insta16749 wreck it ralph going to town 
insta16750 found a sick gas station. real cheap 
insta16751 u are wherever u are wishing u had this milkshake infront of u 
insta16752 hey guys meet salt and pepper 
insta16753 i hate that i'm a fan 
insta16755 traffic is lame 
insta16757 me and kickin it 
insta16759 washington 
insta16760 see it how you see it. this is how i see it . 
insta16761 can u see me 
insta16762 if they were beliebers i know they wouldn't leave my side over an boxing opinion i have 
insta16763 night to to all my ladies all around the world 
insta16764 he has nothing to gain fighting pacqiao, floyd has never in his professional career lost a fight and pacqiao lost his last two fights. if floyd wins its not that big of a deal cuz it would be his third loss in a row, and lf he loses he's gonna ruin his legacy either way there's no big win for mayweather.. mayweather is boxing 
insta16765 look what mayweather did to marquez.. 
insta16766 at the top it's just us 
insta16767 they can't catch us 
insta16768 gotcha 
insta16769 live life to the fullest 
insta16770 back in the studio 
insta16773 double tap x to play 
insta16774 ladies first 
insta16775 look at these clowns.. i just beat them both in arm wrestling, now headed to the gym 
insta16776 cuz i'm right here, ain't nobody gotta hold ya 
insta16777 unreal 
insta16778 pac took a deuce on 
insta16779 and chaz if u look close u can see chaz holding pac 
insta16780 this is how it really went down 
insta16781 chillin by the fire while we eatin fondu 
insta16782 we miss you out here hit me up i don't have your new number fool 
insta16783 i ain't got no worries 
insta16784 the man 
insta16785 life may seem blurry for the moment. just be you 
insta16786 wow.. this is cray. 
insta16787 knock knock who der houdini disappear got green john deer more green paul pierce ahh" 
insta16788 my guitar is fire 
insta16789 ducati 
insta16790 toronto 
insta16791 the pic of me and the prime minister was taken in a room in the arena where i was performing at that day. i walked straight from my meet and greet to him, if you "hayley" expect me to have a change of clothes let a loan a suit at that specific time that's crazy, it wasn't like it was like i was going into his environment we were at a hockey arena. wow am i ever white trash hayley peterson lol 
insta16792 upside down 
insta16793 i met the prime minister in overalls lol 
insta16794 me and chaz chillin getting tired gettin some cereal and passing out 
insta16795 and pops 
insta16796 i hope you hate my style 
insta16797 back in the gym 
insta16798 my lil bro and sis seeepinn 
insta16799 bieber 
insta16800 good show tonight. zzz passing out 
insta16801 i got u nicki don't worry 
insta16804 ya i don't work at all lol 
insta16806 after all this time of hating on uggs i put on a pair of ugg house shoes and my mind is blown so comfortable i'm sorry ladies for doubting u 
insta16807 game face 
insta16808 i know right, why would an 18 year old want a nice car 
insta16809 brotherly love 
insta16810 can't keep up 
insta16811 morning 
insta16813 in the dark 
insta16817 mcm 
insta16818 i watch as the sun comes up 
insta16819 my view 
insta16820 just a thought 
insta16821 hidden 
insta16822 imagine 
insta16823 studiolife 
insta16824 poppy for remembrance day 
insta16825 what song is next 
insta16826 night 
insta16827 ratpack 
insta16828 stop. 
insta16831 fell asleep swag lol 
insta16832 me and dance rehearsal get ready 
insta16837 walking sleeping bag 
insta16838 in the gym making hits and gettin ripped 
insta16839 i really don't wanna eat the skittle 
insta16840 maybe 2 
insta16841 bought myself a gift today 
insta16844 kittys 
insta16845 me and dan 
insta16846 up all night 
insta16847 you make me better 
insta16848 we ain't got no worries 
insta16849 jb you think you jacked or sum??? 
insta16850 this is why i got my owl tat lol 
insta16851 thanks to gramma for the bomb meal 
insta16852 . 
insta16854 me and on the road 
insta16856 befo the paps get me 
insta16857 just me 
insta16858 believe 
insta16859 chillin with and 
insta16860 leannninn 
insta16861 . 
insta16862 as long as you love me 
insta16863 my bro big sean got a new single out go cop it http://smarturl.it/bsguapit 
insta16864 "girl you know you want me right" written today 26th of october 
insta16867 jb 
insta16868 7:46 how tired am i ??aha 
insta16869 u know the deal 
insta16870 my driver harold 
insta16871 now it's raining 
insta16872 which ones better 
insta16873 when i can't sleep i ride up front with harold my bus driver 
insta16874 strawberry bannana smoothie made by jenn 
insta16875 xyba ?? anyone know why they chose those letters. why not abcd 
insta16876 me and swaggin it out 
insta16878 "befo bennihanas it was canned goods" 2chainz 
insta16879 boyz night 
insta16881 this is pac the hamster my new believe tour pet i will bring him to every meet n greet 
insta16882 sliggity 
insta16883 who do we got to the right of me 
insta16884 adidas lifestyle 
insta16885 video is on itunes! go download it plz! 
insta16886 im double o nine and a half (quote from eddie murphy in ispy) 
insta16890 i want a lifetime supply 
insta16891 edmonton 
insta16893 me 
insta16894 best spinich dip 
insta16895 me and 
insta16896 he's canadian like me 
insta16897 kiss me 
insta16898 ... 
insta16899 trukfit 
insta16900 my shadows got my back 
insta16901 where would i be 
insta16902 photo taken by moi 
insta16903 watching a documentary 
insta16904 propper 
insta16905 real 
insta16906 3 generations 
insta16908 go get my lil bro mixtape 
insta16911 bieber 
insta16914 spread your wings 
insta16915 cutie.. 
insta16916 great show. getting better for tomorrow's show !!!! love u 
insta16917 me and og moshe 
insta16918 i miss u . tear* 
insta16919 picnic 
insta16920 my angel 
insta16921 me and 
insta16925 stuck on the damn highway 
insta16926 crazy faceee 
insta16927 swggy 
insta16930 you can't touch me 
insta16931 all black everything except my phone and everything else in the pic thats not black 
insta16932 "if i could take take away the pain and put a smile on your face, baby i would, baby i would" - me 
insta16933 "justin ew why are you wearing a bandana" me : "don't ask questions" 
insta16934 took this on my iphone 5 the front camera is definitely clearer 
insta16935 my lil bro is a true bieber haha 
insta16937 im playing hide and go seek 
insta16940 no pain 
insta16941 almost 
insta16943 don't play 
insta16945 and the newest edition 
insta16947 . 
insta16948 fanpic 
insta16949 this is why i love u. when i'm sick u cheer me up thanks for the nice words 
insta16950 sick 
insta16951 my clothes rack 
insta16952 wow my eyes look too tired !!.. night 
insta16953 on the roof 
insta16954 stash life 
insta16955 wow fun night 
insta16956 my brazilian beats. love u brazil! 
insta16957 scarybiebs 
insta16958 i'm soo happy.. cuz in 5 min i'm performing for 500 lucky winners love u guys!! 
insta16959 loo how many people showed up for my show lol jk 
insta16960 airport. on da way to germany 
insta16961 pray for avalanna 
insta16962 love u 
insta16964 should i? :p 
insta16965 i met my biggest fan 
insta16966 freddooooooooooo i love u 
insta16967 this is a meal of a champion 
insta16969 hello 
insta16970 jazzy and jaxon growing up so quick!!! 
insta16972 inside the big van 
insta16973 our cooking extravaganza 
insta16974 . 
insta16975 can't wait to perform for all of my lovely ladies on tour 
insta16976 crown 
insta16977 stay in my backpack forever 
insta16978 i love lamp 
insta16979 lovin the crew 
insta16980 mornin fredo 
insta16981 believe 
insta16982 swag 
insta16983 new chain 
insta16984 uh oh swagtime 
insta16985 good morning 
insta16986 swag 
insta16987 bro sis love 
insta16988 itookthis 
insta16989 :) 
insta16990 the homies 
insta16991 miss u too jaxo 
insta16992 i miss u 
insta16993 the reason i live 
insta16994 i can't see 
insta16995 u know ur a g when u got wood jewelry 
insta16998 bieber hair kinda back 
insta16999 i'm just reflecting 
insta17001 wave goodbye to cali 
insta17003 .. 
insta17004 writing hits 
insta17005 bestpictureevertakenonaniphoneswag 
insta17006 i'm gonna follow 1 fan each day for a week 
insta17008 i rep my team.. 
insta17010 road trip 
insta17011 road trip 
insta17012 follow me i got lower than u 
insta17013 2 brothers 
insta17014 what if i want to dig for worms 
insta17015 let's do this 
insta17016 mess with me in temple run 
insta17017 me and supra swag 
insta17018 his name is rick 
insta17019 now i know g4 pilots on a first name basis 
insta17020 god made this 
insta17022 not a game 
insta17023 that's why they call him money mayweather 
insta17024 the matrix 
insta17025 all alone 
insta17026 angelic o.j 
insta17027 was in the o.c lookin for seth and summer. turns out it was all a bunch of bs 
insta17028 hi kids. don't be scared, im a nice bear 
insta17029 on the road again 
insta17030 dad rockin a 
insta17031 what is it buddy 
insta17032 brothers 
insta17033 chillin with the homeys 
insta17034 keep it clean haha 
insta17035 proud to be 
insta17036 no way jose 
insta17038 watching the raptors 
insta17039 sunset 
insta17041 best boxer of all time . period 
insta17043 merry christmas from the family :) 
insta17044 is it ur death wish? "chocolate droppa" 
insta17045 me and the rugrats 
insta17046 whats this guy doing learning? 
insta17047 should probly get to those 
insta17048 ask me if i care? 
insta17049 my friend timmy brought some gifts 
insta17050 in santas workshop doing stuff 
insta17051 who does that 
insta17052 chillin with the boys and 
insta17053 finally we got people tryna be 
insta17054 i met the old justin today. he was a real prick 
insta17055 u ever go night night? 
insta17056 looks like lil wayne liked our 
insta17057 does this kid really think he can jack our swaghats and get away without consequences ? nope 
insta17058 is so happy for the holidays are u? 
insta17059 my shoe game is out of control (smilebieberlove) twitter 
insta17060 haven't changed one bit 
insta17061 credit: 
insta17062 me on steroids 
insta17063 always watching me 
insta17065 no fear 
insta17066 boys trip 
insta17067 bieber lil b voice 
insta17068 be awesome 
insta17069 me and 
insta17070 me and 
insta17071 hahahahah real gs wear tight onzies 
insta17072 this was when i had 
insta17073 look at my pet 
insta17074 ask me if i'm a vegetarian.......................... nope 
insta17075 sadbieber 
insta17076 very sneaky sir 
insta17077 is it you're death wish? 
insta17078 is it your death wish? "chocolate droppa" 
insta17079 fire 
insta17080 me and jesus on the ice 
insta17081 i got a lot of bread 
insta17082 just me and dr bear 
insta17084 hola 
insta17085 sup bro 
insta17086 real gs drop in 30 foot drops 
insta17087 i love lamp 
insta17088 let's fill the whole popular page with my pics lol 
insta17089 so i'm gonna instagram some of my favorite pics i've been taking 
insta17090 shawn white jr 
insta17091 flyer than the clouds 
insta17092 obey your parents 
insta17093 fast like gordon and my jams like jordan 
insta17095 chillin with the homeys 
insta17096 i love all of you guys so much!! area amazing 
insta17097 huge bubble 
insta17098 reach for the sky 
insta17099 mini me us 
insta17100 varsity jacket closest thing to high school 
insta17101 me and the homey 
insta17102 serious face 
insta17103 crazy eyes lol 
insta17104 hyfr 
insta17106 i stay strapped 
insta17107 legggo!!! 
insta17108 having a bad day 
insta17109 bye uk 
insta17110 who is this mystery man 
insta17111 my fans are my life 
insta17112 overlooking london 
insta17113 early morning 
insta17114 flight to germany 
insta17115 thank god above for my very own christmas love 
insta17116 bieba's in paris 
insta17117 hit the lights 
insta17118 paris bound 
insta17119 l'arc de triomphe 
insta17120 all black everything 
insta17121 swag hat 
insta17122 new keychain 
insta17123 who's world? 
insta17124 i'm the drummerboy so do it do it 
insta17125 that new swag hat son 
insta17126 fun day in nyc 
insta17127 sup bigg 
insta17128 mobil studio 
insta17129 focus on what's real 
insta17130 today's a good day :) 
insta17131 my life 
insta17132 blue sky's 
insta17133 taylor gang 
insta17134 goodnight la 
insta17135 blurry 
insta17137 i 
insta17138 swaggy nerd 
insta17139 what a beast 
insta17140 miss basketball 
insta17141 ryan growing out the beard 
insta17142 he's pissed 
insta17143 hockey game 
insta17144 big jesus baby jesus 
insta17145 me and chuck norris 
insta17148 in and out burger.. they told me not to take pics but i'm a rebel 
insta17149 the evil eye 
insta17150 paranormal activity 
insta17151 ozzy or butsy 
insta17152 ryanbutler nice shades 
insta17153 i'm gonna open one in la and atl 
insta17154 me and my besty watching a movie 
insta17155 nature is so neat lol 
insta17156 soooo happy 
insta17157 rolly polly olly 
insta17158 now i'm lost tryna make it on my own i though i could never do this alone but now i'm walking by myself out in the middle if nowhere 
insta17159 i found where i am on the globe 
insta17160 extras 
insta17161 extras 
insta17162 extras 
insta17163 extras 
insta17164 5/5 those were my 5 alfredo is posting his now 
insta17165 4/5 
insta17166 3/5 sad tree 
insta17167 2/5 pic of contest 
insta17168 me and fredo are having a pic contest u vote be honest don't just vote for me 
insta17169 a fan made this.! thank u 
insta17170 hey u 
insta17171 rain rain go away please come back never 
insta17172 i think i'm gonna go golfing today. 
insta17173 look what i just bought 
insta17174 scooterbraun or zoolander ?? 
insta17175 beautiful day in brazil 
insta17176 she's unsatisfied 
insta17177 snacks on snacks on snacks 
insta17178 love u mexico 
insta17180 jazzy eating breakfast 
insta17181 porcheeeeeeeee 1958 
insta17182 me and my lil sis at waffle house 
insta17183 family shopping 
insta17185 :) 
insta17186 football 
insta17188 my little bro and sis kiss. so sweet 
insta17189 congrats on ur last show !!! ;) 
insta17190 tryna be in thenext friday the 13th movie. 
insta17191 !!!!!!! swag 
insta17192 i feel the need.. the need for speed "high five" 
insta17193 the crew 
insta17194 3 musketeers 
insta17195 2pacs back 
insta17196 chillin with 2pac 
insta17197 going swimming wit this friendly guy 
insta17198 that way 
insta17199 going swimming with some beluga whales 
insta17200 climbing mountains 
insta17201 hollywood sign 
insta17202 me and ry good just livin 
insta17203 i should be a photographer lol 
insta17204 sleeping beauty 
insta17205 my babbyyyy 
insta17206 beautiful day outside my friend 
insta17208 chic fil a my friend 
insta17209 backflips my friend 
insta17210 backflips my friend 
insta17211 chaz eating edamame for the first time. 
insta17212 is with me!!!!!!!! 
insta17213 scooters ginger ale comin soon 
insta17214 eating sushi with some caveman to my right 
insta17215 eye of the tiger babyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
insta17216 checkout my boys company www.estovar.com 
insta17217 city of compton. where u at dr dre lol 
insta17218 iceeeee 
insta17220 getting his first tat 
insta17221 riding out to big sean's album 
insta17222 work all night sleep all day. 
insta17223 rockin the high socks like an la kid. now all i need to do is start sayin hella 
insta17224 me and getting our harry potter and ozzy on 
insta17225 meet louis. 
insta17226 i got kenneth to stand in the pinks line for me .. 
insta17227 let me get some watermelon with captain crunch on top 
insta17228 skinny pants and some vans 
insta17229 welcome to miami 
insta17230 night.... 
insta17231 good lowdy woahdy 
insta17234 wait maybe it is. north pole here i come. if santa asks me for a pic i gonna flip 
insta17235 is it me or do the clouds look like snow 
insta17236 higher than the clouds 
insta17237 swag swagg 
insta17238 on a jet to nowhere 
insta17239 sleeping beauty 
insta17240 next album is gonna be insane 
insta17241 california, knows how to party. in the cityyyyyy of la 
insta17244 this tree is my friend 
insta17245 be jealous 
insta17246 roadtrip 
insta17247 best show on tv 
insta17248 i'm here for the food i swear 
insta17249 beautiful day in o 
insta17250 at a dope concert 
insta17251 everyone meet rodel. 
insta17252 why is this big table necessary for only two people?? 
insta17253 happy bday baby 
insta17255 :musical_notes: i enjoy nights in brixton :musical_notes: ...but especially when they’re like last night - you really know how to have a good time. met and who are amazing. got to tell she’s the melody queen of my musical heart. i got sprayed by champagne when people won & got to take another middle finger trophy home to the felines. thanks for having me!! :United_Kingdom::bottle_with_popping_cork::clinking_glasses: :camera:: 
insta17256 i’m proud to extend my partnership with lucian grainge and the universal music family by signing with universal music publishing group, and for the opportunity to work with jody gerson, the first woman to run a major music publishing company. jody is an advocate for women’s empowerment and one of the most-respected and accomplished industry leaders. troy tomlinson has been an amazing part of my team for over half my life and a passionate torchbearer for songwriters. it’s an honor to get to work with such an incredible team, especially when it comes to my favorite thing in the world: songwriting. :musical_notes::grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: & swipe photos to see one of my other fav things: a fluffy floofy cat. 
insta17257 so it’s finally out! is on and i’m really excited for you to see it. i want to thank for her endless curiosity and for wanting to make this film. it’s pretty wild to be sharing this much of my life because it’s pretty scary to be vulnerable! (understatement of the century) but i’m also so grateful to the critics and journalists who have so thoughtfully watched and reflected on the film. :folded_hands::burrito::cat_face::backpack::musical_notes: 
insta17258 :snowman::snowflake:sundance was as snowy and fun as this photo shoot foreshadowed:snowflake::snowman: thank you so much for this cover/interview and for taking these pics. can’t wait for jan 31 when comes out on ! 
insta17259 miss americana :clapper_board: january 31 on 
insta17260 walked into the studio to a surprise birthday party from these two & - it’s equally wild and cozy to think it was the three of us in a room making a song called lover here last year. :heart_suit: 
insta17261 claws out, kitties. :cat: 
insta17262 i’m ecstatic to tell you that i’ll be headlining glastonbury on its 50th anniversary - see you there! :kiss_mark: 
insta17263 honestly spending my 30th with the fans who have made my life what it is at jingle ball, then throwing the most aggressive holiday party known to womankind... i just.. seriously feel so lucky for you all and will spend forever trying to find ways to say thank you. *cries in christmas tree* 
insta17264 happy birthday but make it santa :Santa_Claus: 
insta17265 fur real guys this was my cake :birthday_cake: 
insta17266 who’s gonna tell her she’s thirtay now :cupcake: 
insta17267 when you’re pretttttty sure that if you were a man, you’d be the man :nail_polish: 
insta17268 if it don’t fits i still sits - small wooden box edition :kiss_mark: 
insta17269 hey thanks billboard :folded_hands: it was a whole entire party chatting with and killed it with these photos!! thank you so much for this honor. :grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17270 throwback to my first day on the set of basically, bombalurina is one of those really mischievous cats you see in internet videos who has figured out how to open human doors :door: 
insta17271 i woke up today to the news that beautiful ghosts is nominated for a golden globe - it’s so cool that one of the most fun, fulfilling creative experiences i’ve ever had is being honored in this way by the hfpa. i ended up spending many days on set watching the other performers do their scenes. watching the character victoria, played by inspired me so much and beautiful ghosts was the result. congrats to my co-writer and buddy 4 life andrew lloyd webber. this is just purrfect. :grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17272 here we are on said xmas tree farm. and i just want to say that my parents are the real 90’s fashion icons. i have spoken. 
insta17273 i actually did grow up on a christmas tree farm. in a gingerbread house, deep within the yummy gummy gumdrop forest. where, funnily enough, this song is their national anthem. song and video out now :Christmas_tree: 
insta17274 sock appreciation post :socks: 
insta17275 this is the one face i made that day 
insta17276 bored girl at the holiday party. 
insta17277 hey it’s always a dreamscape of creativity and hilarity working with edward - but putting him together with pat = the funniest wildest shoot i’ve ever been on :cat_with_tears_of_joy: love this team, so grateful for everyone involved and 
insta17278 i was up there because of you and i know that every minute of every day :red_heart: photo by :camera_with_flash: 
insta17279 :check_mark_button::green_heart::eight-spoked_asterisk: 
insta17280 hi guys have i told you lately that i love you :camera_with_flash: 
insta17281 we made real life versions of the snow globe from the lover video because of course we did. 
insta17282 according to my jet lag it is one hundred o clock celsius. 
insta17283 dressing room is lit 
insta17284 if it don’t fits, i still sits. 
insta17285 :candy::two_hearts:pretty city :lollipop::cherry_blossom: 
insta17286 earring said smile but i stay smirking. :smirking_face: 
insta17287 ya could i get these to go? 
insta17288 :growing_heart: tokyo is for lovers :growing_heart: :camera:: kayoko yamamoto 
insta17289 s/o to all the moms whose adult daughters ask them to take a pic in a hotel hallway bc they’re feeling their outfit - you’re the real mvps :sports_medal: 
insta17290 have arrived in the land of cat cafes and eternal cuteness tokyo hi :two_hearts::cherry_blossom::lollipop::candy::fireworks: i’m off to stare into pastel aquariums and hug all the people can’t wait to see you guys later! 
insta17291 hug your cat today. or don’t, if your cat hates hugs. but anyway. happy from me, olivia, meredith, and benjamin. :grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes::grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes::grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes::woman_light_skin_tone_blond_hair: 
insta17292 i said in an interview 13 years ago "i'm just hoping that i have a second album that does as well as the first and someday get to be a headliner, and always be the same person that i started out as.” scrolling through your posts today has me feeling all the feelings & i want to thank you. because of you, there was a 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th and 7th album. you guys made me into a headliner because you wanted to see me play. and your support all these years is what’s helped me stay true to that kid i was when i started out. 
insta17293 tiny desk, big mood. thank you for that awesome experience, i can’t wait to relive it when comes out! :camera:: 
insta17294 :yellow_heart::green_heart::purple_heart::growing_heart::purple_heart::green_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta17295 had the best time playing lover on snl exactly the way i wrote it, on piano in a quiet moment. and a huge thank you to lenny pickett for playing with us on false god:saxophone:!! phoebe was excellent as host and one of my favorite photographers, is always so awesome to work with. make sure to watch camila next week!! 
insta17296 threw out our cloaks and our daggers because it’s morning now.. :purple_heart: 
insta17297 i once believed love would be burning red :heart_suit: 
insta17298 it’s blue, the feeling i got :blue_heart: 
insta17299 it’s golden, like daylight :yellow_heart: 
insta17300 i hadn’t done a rolling stone cover in 5 years, and hadn’t seen since i got in 2 car crashes while driving him around during our interview in 2012. :woman_facepalming: there were no cars driven this time, but we had a lot to catch up on. thank you and brian for everything you did to make this cover happen. and for taking these photos, absolutely loved working with you! 
insta17301 for me, the lover album is open fields and sunsets and summer. i want to celebrate the album and perform it live with you in a way that feels authentic to the music. i want to go to some places i haven’t been, and play festivals for the first time in ages...and where we didn’t have festivals, we made some. introducing, lover fest east and west. details and additional dates coming soon! taylorswift.com 
insta17302 got to play some new songs from lover acoustic tonight, this was such an awesome way to celebrate this album finally being out in the world :smiling_face_with_hearts: :camera:: 
insta17303 tonight in paris!!! thank you to everyone who flew from all over the world to be at the city of lover concert! :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: :camera:: 
insta17304 like a tennessee stella mccartney :heart_with_arrow: the full line is available until midnight eastern tonight! 
insta17305 thank you :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: 
insta17306 thank you :heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow: 
insta17307 thank you :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: 
insta17308 there’s a dazzling haze, a mysterious way about you dear... :camera:: 
insta17309 thank you to the fans who voted, our excellent cast, , and everyone who worked so hard on the you need to calm down video. video of the year :exploding_head: i mean just wow guys you did that huh :folded_hands::folded_hands::party_popper: :camera:: // 
insta17310 had to go see the mural in person and it turns out she’s glorious. thank you it’s been an honor revealing new lyrics with you all week :smiling_face_with_hearts: :camera:: 
insta17311 and i snuck in through the garden gate, every night that summer just to seal my fate // stream lover on 
insta17312 this album is very much a celebration of love, in all its complexity, coziness, and chaos. it’s the first album of mine that i’ve ever owned, and i couldn’t be more proud. i’m so excited that lover is out now. 
insta17313 and so it goes, you two are dancing in a snow globe round and round... the lover music video is out now! 
insta17314 a fun thing is happening! learn how to remix you need to calm down in select apple stores at the music lab. :musical_notes: apple.com/today 
insta17315 is coming soon :heart_with_arrow: it’s been so much fun to work/dream up cute stuff with my friend to create a line inspired by my new album lover. can’t wait to show you what we've been working on and tell you more about the pop up shop at the live event this thursday at 5p et! sign up to receive more info at taylorswift.com and stellamccartney.com 
insta17316 okay now there are five holes in the fence :grimacing_face::grinning_cat::kiss_mark: 
insta17317 lover :two_hearts: friday, august 23. pre-add, pre-save, pre-order at the link in my bio. 
insta17318 lover :two_hearts: friday, august 23. pre-add, pre-save, pre-order at the link in my bio. 
insta17319 lover :two_hearts: friday, august 23. pre-add, pre-save, pre-order at the link in my bio. 
insta17320 there’s a dazzling haze... 
insta17321 :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: 
insta17322 the thirteens really jumped out. :camera_with_flash: 
insta17323 threw a party to celebrate with the people who made the me! & yntcd videos with me- and we had so much fun that ‘drunk taylor’ is trending on twitter. cheers. :grinning_squinting_face::bottle_with_popping_cork::thumbs_up::clapping_hands: 
insta17324 :palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree: 
insta17325 can’t stop won’t stop twinning with paddington. :bear: 
insta17326 i’d be a fearless leader. i’d be an alpha type. 
insta17327 :heart_with_arrow: 
insta17328 wanted to thank for writing such a thoughtful piece and for diving into my pastel cryptic world of hints, easter eggs, and numerology. we also talked about sexism, equality, and all things lover. i ate an entire cheese plate by myself. on stands soon-ish. 
insta17329 my heart’s been borrowed and yours has been blue. all’s well that ends well, to end up with you. :blue_heart: 
insta17330 well so this is a thing that’s happening. september issue of and i’m so so so grateful to anna, and basically anyone who was like ‘yeah she can be on the sept issue cover’. what an amazing experience shooting with 
insta17331 :two_hearts: 
insta17332 :two_hearts: 
insta17333 :two_hearts: 
insta17334 what if i’m alright right here? 
insta17335 i’ve been the archer i’ve been the prey who could ever leave me darling... but who could stay? 
insta17336 cat lady thirst trap 
insta17337 this night is :sparkles:sparkling:sparkles: thank you for having me and the incredible and thank you so much for watching it online or being there, i love you guys more than words can say, but i’ll always try. first photo taken by the lovely :two_hearts: second one by / getty images :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta17338 :victory_hand:friday calmness:victory_hand: 
insta17339 some of us had champagne on set and it shows :clinking_glasses: 
insta17340 just like my life, this video was co-executive produced by :grinning_cat_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17341 a happy meal :hamburger: :french_fries: :growing_heart: 
insta17342 tea time! monday morning! :two_hearts: 
insta17343 we all got crowns :crown: :two_hearts: 
insta17344 can you just not step on our gowns? :woman_dancing: 
insta17345 a delicious new video comes out monday morning...:growing_heart::birthday_cake::growing_heart: 
insta17346 gxgjxkhdkdkydkhdkhfjvjfj 
insta17347 there were five posts in the fence. 
insta17348 lover, album out august 23. cover shot by the artistic genius that is :growing_heart: pre-add, pre-save, pre-order (all the pre stuff you feel like doing) can’t wait for you to hear this. 
insta17349 :growing_heart: :camera_with_flash:: // 
insta17350 :rainbow:like a rainbow with all of the colors:rainbow: thank you to everyone who came to that was fun :partying_face: ps a huge thank you to for surprising the crowd!! :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17351 :rainbow:happy pride month!!!:rainbow: while we have so much to celebrate, we also have a great distance to go before everyone in this country is truly treated equally. in excellent recent news, the house has passed the equality act, which would protect lgbtq people from discrimination in their places of work, homes, schools, and other public accommodations. the next step is that the bill will go before the senate. i’ve decided to kick off pride month by writing a letter to one of my senators to explain how strongly i feel that the equality act should be passed. i urge you to write to your senators too. i’ll be looking for your letters by searching the hashtag while there’s no information yet as to when the equality act will go before the senate for a vote, we do know this: politicians need votes to stay in office. votes come from the people. pressure from massive amounts of people is a major way to push politicians towards positive change. that’s why i’ve created a petition at change.org to urge the senate to support the equality act. our country’s lack of protection for its own citizens ensures that lgbtq people must live in fear that their lives could be turned upside down by an employer or landlord who is homophobic or transphobic. the fact that, legally, some people are completely at the mercy of the hatred and bigotry of others is disgusting and unacceptable. let’s show our pride by demanding that, on a national level, our laws truly treat all of our citizens equally. :rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow::rainbow: click the link in my bio to sign the petition for senate support of the equality act. 
insta17352 :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta17353 :orange_heart: au revoir :orange_heart: 
insta17354 thank you for having me and the band!! it airs tonight. feeling pretty lucky that i got to be a guest on the same night as michael fassbender, and they were all so sweet, now i want to just walk around yelling go see dark phoenix. :camera_with_flash:: so television / bbc 
insta17355 had the best time performing with on finale - thank you to the fans there for being so welcoming! and a huge congratulations to meeting you made my day :smiling_face_with_hearts: :camera_with_flash:: trae patton / nbc 
insta17356 i know i never think before i jump... 
insta17357 thank you for such a wonderful experience - i loved getting to shoot with and talk with (yep i said it, i did an actual interview with a human journalist!! :party_popper:) wanted to rep as many things/people i love on the jacket :growing_heart: and more in the interview. hair by -make up by and styling by 
insta17358 this was the maximum amount of fun possible. and for the first time ever i’m releasing the live rehearsal audio from this performance on vinyl and cd from on my site. thank you to every performer up there with us tonight!!! :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17359 i’m trying to give them a normal upbringing but when the little ones and i ran into the flawless on the way to red carpet we straight up had to get a pic. 
insta17360 because of you guys, this video broke the record and we are not calm. 
insta17361 :two_hearts::growing_heart: a huge thank you to the incredible dancers for making the video so magical and for keeping the secret for so long!!:two_hearts::growing_heart: 
insta17362 this is benjamin button. he’s a good boy. 
insta17363 and then there were three… 
insta17364 me! out now! made this song with and and i co-directed the video. and everyone knows you can’t spell awesome without davebrendonjoel. oh wait... 
insta17365 well guys 4.26 is gonna be here in a few hours and my new song “me!” featuring the extraordinarily talented and awesome of will be out tonight at midnight eastern. in other exciting news, the video will be out then too and i can’t wait to watch live with you (and answer some questions) as it premieres on :movie_camera:click the link in my bio and i’ll meet you there a little later!! :grinning_cat: 
insta17366 :butterfly: 
insta17367 me! by the one and only :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: 
insta17368 so... helped me pull off the best surprise clue reveal today in nashville!! thank you to everyone who showed up, i’ve never been more proud of your fbi level detective skills. next clue: i’ll be joining the magnificent for a chat tonight on abc live from nashville :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: 
insta17369 4.26 
insta17370 it’s time. 
insta17371 4.26 
insta17372 4.26 
insta17373 4.26 
insta17374 4.26 
insta17375 4.26 
insta17376 well this is awesome. thank you :growing_heart: thank you and thank you for your unbelievably kind words (i had no idea you were writing this and just found out when i saw this!!) 
insta17377 4.26 
insta17378 4.26 
insta17379 4.26 
insta17380 4.26 
insta17381 4.26 
insta17382 i love you guys. so much. :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17383 the delicate video winning video of the year at awards has me feeling delicate :growing_heart: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17384 :butterfly: :growing_heart: :camera_with_flash: 
insta17385 bout to walk out on the carpet, thought i’d show you first :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta17386 :butterfly: 
insta17387 due to the butterfly migration in southern california maybe i’ll just stay outside until i head indoors for awards. :butterfly::smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta17388 we have to live bravely in order to truly feel alive, and that means not being ruled by our greatest fears. 
insta17389 step into the daylight and let it go. 
insta17390 according to my birth certificate, i turn 30 this year. it’s weird because part of me still feels 18 and part of me feels 283, but the actual, factual age i currently am is 29. i’ve heard people say that your 30’s are ‘the most fun!’ so i’ll definitely keep you posted on my findings on that when i know. but until then, i thought i’d share some lessons i’ve learned before reaching 30 with because it’s 2019 and sharing is caring.:grinning_cat: check in with for the piece, posting tomorrow. 
insta17391 i love writing songs because i love preserving memories, like putting a picture frame around a feeling you once had. 
insta17392 got to write an essay for about songwriting, what musically moves us and why, and the melodies that define our memories. thanks to anyone who took the time to read it! 
insta17393 :heart_decoration: 
insta17394 :heart_suit: me by :heart_suit: thank you 
insta17395 she just read all the theories :weary_cat: 
insta17396 :yellow_heart: 
insta17397 :growing_heart: 
insta17398 :palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree::palm_tree: 
insta17399 a purrito. 
insta17400 ahhhhh just won 7 awards !!! bout to go give some high fives - thanks for this dressss :grinning_squinting_face: 
insta17401 this trailer courtesy of cats the film. cat hair on my jacket courtesy of actual cats, meredith and olivia. 
insta17402 meow. 
insta17403 20wineteen 
insta17404 mary poppins, audrey, ariel, ms. frizzle, cinderella, gwen, mr. toad, avril, nancy drew, posh spice, rizzo, frida kahlo, steve irwin, dorothy.. this new year we decided to dress up as our childhood heroes. sending you all love and hope going into 2019 :growing_heart: 
insta17405 purry christmas :growing_heart: 
insta17406 netflix marketing team: so for the poster, we were thinking- me: can you make me look like a zombie hunter 
insta17407 the favourite is absolutely phenomenal, and it opens in ny and la tomorrow— swipe to see cities and dates! 
insta17408 hold on to the memories, they will hold on to you. :collision::collision::collision::collision::collision::collision: :camera:: // 
insta17409 it’s so hard to believe that tonight will be the last time we wear these costumes, play this set list, do this choreography, and then say goodbye to the reputation stadium tour. thank you to the crowds that have lit up our year. we do this last one for all of you. :red_heart: ps make sure to scream loud for and tonight!! their families are here and this is their hometown show :collision::collision::collision::collision::collision::collision: :camera:: // 
insta17410 my new home :musical_notes: 
insta17411 missing australia already :growing_heart: 
insta17412 another rain show on the reputation stadium tour! auckland, you were amazing tonight. thanks for weathering the storm with us :growing_heart: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17413 brisbane, you were amazing :growing_heart: we’ll miss you so much, australia (until next time). see you tomorrow night auckland, it’s been way too long!! ps it’s hometown show, you’d better scream loud for them :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes:!! :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17414 full rain show tonight in sydney. we had the absolute time of our lives with you. it poured consistently for the first 90% of the show and we all got to jump around together in a storm, what a dream :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: love you guys. :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17415 :up_arrow:these two tennessee women:up_arrow: voted for the candidate who has proven himself to be reasonable and trustworthy. we want leadership, not fear-based extremism. early voting goes til thursday and election day is november 6. please don’t sit this one out. 
insta17416 here we can observe an australian swiftlet in her natural habitat, a turtleneck. :bird: 
insta17417 if a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to instagram it, does it make a sound? 
insta17418 let the games begin. 
insta17419 we love you perth!! it’s incredible to be back in australia! see you soon, melbourne :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17420 something i wish i knew about when i was 18 and voting for the first time: :sparkles:early voting:sparkles:. it makes it so quick and easy to go and cast your vote before november 6. early voting starts today in tennessee and goes to nov 1 :United_States: you can check out your state’s early voting dates at the link in my bio 
insta17421 getting to perform with people i love this much is a real mood. 
insta17422 proud expectant mother of a human child + proud mother of snakes :snake: :footprints: 
insta17423 you have made this human disco ball so so happy tonight. :red_heart: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17424 i’m writing this post about the upcoming midterm elections on november 6th, in which i’ll be voting in the state of tennessee. in the past i’ve been reluctant to publicly voice my political opinions, but due to several events in my life and in the world in the past two years, i feel very differently about that now. i always have and always will cast my vote based on which candidate will protect and fight for the human rights i believe we all deserve in this country. i believe in the fight for lgbtq rights, and that any form of discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender is wrong. i believe that the systemic racism we still see in this country towards people of color is terrifying, sickening and prevalent. i cannot vote for someone who will not be willing to fight for dignity for all americans, no matter their skin color, gender or who they love. running for senate in the state of tennessee is a woman named marsha blackburn. as much as i have in the past and would like to continue voting for women in office, i cannot support marsha blackburn. her voting record in congress appalls and terrifies me. she voted against equal pay for women. she voted against the reauthorization of the violence against women act, which attempts to protect women from domestic violence, stalking, and date rape. she believes businesses have a right to refuse service to gay couples. she also believes they should not have the right to marry. these are not my tennessee values. i will be voting for phil bredesen for senate and jim cooper for house of representatives. please, please educate yourself on the candidates running in your state and vote based on who most closely represents your values. for a lot of us, we may never find a candidate or party with whom we agree 100% on every issue, but we have to vote anyway. so many intelligent, thoughtful, self-possessed people have turned 18 in the past two years and now have the right and privilege to make their vote count. but first you need to register, which is quick and easy to do. october 9th is the last day to register to vote in the state of tn. go to vote.org and you can find all the info. happy voting! :ballot_box_with_ballot::grinning_face_with_big_eyes::rainbow: 
insta17425 to everyone who came to the show and everyone who wished us well tonight, thank you :red_heart: we had an indescribably incredible time with you dallas, thanks for making us the first tour to play back to back nights in at&t stadium :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17426 last night of tour with these 2 dream girls- we love you baby c 
insta17427 sound check with these 2 babes. thank you for surprising the dallas crowd with our first live performance of ‘babe’!! :camera: 
insta17428 we play this show one more time in america... a little later on tonight. i love you guys. let’s do this :collision::fire::collision: :camera: 
insta17429 frolicking with maren in an empty stadium and then a full one. thanks for a magical evening guys. this was one to remember :red_heart::kiss_mark::growing_heart: :camera: 
insta17430 :sparkles:this weekend :sparkles:our last 2 us shows:sparkles:dallas:sparkles:at&t stadium:sparkles: 
insta17431 taking in every second of this tour- thank you new orleans for being so incredible last night. my first time playing the superdome and couldn’t be happier that i got to play it with and - plus some purrfect friends came to see the show. :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: 
insta17432 a huge thank you to everyone who came to the show last night in indianapolis. you guys broke the concert attendance record at lucas oil stadium, and i loved dancing with you. it’s pretty surreal that we only have 5 shows left in america cause it feels like this tour just started. see you in st louis :kiss_mark: 
insta17433 loved playing in kansas city last night :red_heart: thank you to everyone who came out, you guys broke the all time attendance record for arrowhead stadium!! :grinning_squinting_face::grinning_squinting_face::grinning_squinting_face: only 6 shows left in america, i can’t believe it. 
insta17434 minneapolis you were a blast last night. i’m so stoked we get to play for you again tonight, and it feels surreal that we only have 8 shows left in america. where does the time go. i love this tour and i’m seriously taking in every second of it. :growing_heart: 
insta17435 nashville, last night was the first time i got to headline that stadium. every second of the show meant so much to me, and i’m so grateful to and for coming out to sing ‘tim mcgraw’ with me. i first came to this city in search of a record deal when i was 11! i’m just as enamored by being here now all these years later. thanks for an unforgettable night. :camera:: 
insta17436 miami i love you!! you were so loud and fun. shout out to for killing it in her hometown and being just the greatest most precious magical human possible :two_hearts: :camera:: 
insta17437 thank you to the 116,000 people who came to see us play in atlanta this weekend! :face_with_hand_over_mouth::red_heart: love you guys :red_heart::growing_heart: ps happy birthday to my incredible band leader/keys player!! so lucky to know you and work with you. :camera:: 
insta17438 i love you atlanta :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: we’ll see you tomorrow night too! thanks for being so loud and wild and fun tonight :fireworks: :camera:: 
insta17439 look at this heavenly crowd tonight in pittsburgh- thank you to everyone who came to the show, it was so great to be back in pa. :red_heart::two_hearts::red_heart: 
insta17440 olivia just realized i’m wearing earrings of her face. 
insta17441 behind the scenes of our secret rehearsal today before surprised toronto with ‘summer of 69’!!!! :Canada::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::guitar: so much fun tonight toronto!! :camera:: 
insta17442 toronto, thank you for a glorious night of glitter, guitars, dancing, screaming, singing, and snakes in a stadium. my serpents and i are so excited to get to play for you again tonight :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::two_hearts::snake: :heart_suit: :camera:: 
insta17443 tonight i realized i’m like, constantly reaching for invisible things while onstage? anyway. another insanely dream-like night at !!! see you tomorrow :kiss_mark: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17444 so wait... we get to play 2 more nights at ??! sounds fake?!? you guys were unreal tonight. we can’t wait to see you again, and again after that. :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: :camera:: 
insta17445 hay&tay looking like we’re in a musical :camera:: 
insta17446 full :police_car_light: rain :police_car_light: show :police_car_light: last night we all danced together for 2 hours in the pouring rain - who knows what the jersey skies will bring us tonight but we’re *ready for it* :face_blowing_a_kiss: :camera:: 
insta17447 with you, i’d dance in a storm in my best dress. :woman_dancing: :camera:: 
insta17448 delicate is a song that was written about such a vulnerable time in my life and i can’t express to you how grateful i am that it’s gone you guys astonish me with your support. guess you could say i’m feeling pretty delicate about the whole thing i love you so much :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta17449 guys i got a new dress, lookin like a proud shiny tide pod out here also metlife stadium night 1 was a complete blast and i’m so excited to play here two more nights !!!!!!! :camera: 
insta17450 philly i love you!!!! this hometown crowd :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: see you again tonight for round 2!! 
insta17451 they walk into the meet and greet and he says “we met 5 years ago at the red tour” and then..... :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes::smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta17452 take pictures in your mind of your childhood room... 
insta17453 take me home :growing_heart: 
insta17454 meredith, an intellectual 
insta17455 check out the other pics to see why i’m smiling :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: dc you were so incredible, thank you for having us these past 2 nights. :camera: 
insta17456 washington dc night 1, that was wild, and now we get to play for you again tonight!!! ps scream extra loud for tonight cause it’s his birthday! :birthday_cake::red_heart: :camera: 
insta17457 ts: it sounds like you take ownership of the past, and not just the good parts. pb: i do. absolutely. :camera: 
insta17458 “you have to remember that nothing remains the same.” -pattie boyd :camera: 
insta17459 when i finished reading pattie boyd’s incredible memoir wonderful tonight, i felt inspired and intrigued. i wanted to ask her about her life, sit down and talk about all things 1960’s london, beatlemania, and how it felt to be on the other side of songwriting: the side of the muse. so that’s what we did, and she is now my forever lady crush. thank you for this opportunity and for taking these photos!! and of course pattie :growing_heart: 
insta17460 all the kittens care about is taking selfies 
insta17461 this is what you looked like tonight columbus you were beautiful 
insta17462 i’m so grateful for these women, for the words they’ve written and the worlds they’ve created through their art.. so stoked to have you at the show in london and jk :red_heart:. always. 
insta17463 still processing how special last night was, thank you london for two incredible nights at wembley stadium. i’ll never forget the sound of the crowd when robbie williams showed up to sing angels, that was unreal!! thank you to robbie, that was such a spectacular moment and it meant so much to so many people, including me. :smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_halo::smiling_face_with_halo: :camera: 
insta17464 :sparkles:thank you for a magical first night at wembley stadium :sparkles: :camera: 
insta17465 soundcheck at wembley stadium with this guy thank you for surprising the crowd tonight!!! :camera: 
insta17466 last weekend i got to see this beautiful sight looking out at the crowd at croke park. tomorrow and saturday we’re coming for you wembley :kiss_mark: can’t wait! 
insta17467 me when i see a cat. :camera: 
insta17468 there are no rules when you show up here, bass beat rattling the chandelier... :clinking_glasses::party_popper: :camera: 
insta17469 can’t believe we get to play croke park again tonight, my heart is still racing from last night’s crowd and now we get to do it again!!!! :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: :camera: 
insta17470 my first irish stadium show :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: i can’t even explain how it felt looking at the crowd tonight at croke park in dublin, i love you so much and i can’t believe we get to play for you again tomorrow night!! :camera:: 
insta17471 walked into my dressing room to find roses from and i was not ready for it. i love u2 i love ireland lets do this croke park!!! 
insta17472 i'm sorry to tell you one of our amazing dancers, nadine, was involved in a car accident a few days ago. while she takes time to recover and heal, we’re all wishing her a speedy recovery and are looking forward to her return to the tour. we all love you nadine and can’t wait to have you back :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta17473 dublin!! i can’t wait to play for you on friday and saturday! :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: :camera_with_flash:: 
insta17474 this breathtakingly gorgeous saturday night manchester crowd... :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: :camera: 
insta17475 we’ll see you in a few hours manchester!! :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: :camera: 
insta17476 i :red_heart: manchester :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: can’t wait to play for you again!! :camera: 
insta17477 my first uk stadium show!!! i love you manchester!! we’ll see you tomorrow :red_heart: 
insta17478 just over here daydreaming about playing manchester tomorrow... :two_hearts: 
insta17479 "without your past, you could never have arrived- so wondrously and brutally- by design or some violent, exquisite happenstance ...here." :camera:: 
insta17480 manchester, see you june 8 and 9! :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: :camera:: 
insta17481 rain show alert :police_car_light: we haven’t had a proper rain show in years and tonight was so magical and unforgettable. thank you to the 104,000 people who came to see us play in chicago this weekend. i love you!! :camera: 
insta17482 knew i was a robber first time that he saw me. :kiss_mark: :camera: 
insta17483 i :red_heart: chicago!!!!!!!!!!!!! see you tomorrow night :camera: 
insta17484 i missed you uk! we’ll be back to the uk and ireland to see you so soon on the reputation stadium tour at etihad stadium in manchester (june 8 and 9), croke park in dublin (june 15 and 16), and wembley stadium in london (june 22 and 23)! :kiss_mark: :camera:: / 
insta17485 swansea, we loved playing for you!! you sang so loud! my guitarist took this, look at you :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thank you 
insta17486 made your mark on me, a golden tattoo. 
insta17487 love made me crazy. if it doesn’t you ain’t doin it right. 
insta17488 denver look how gorgeous all 58,000 of you looked tonight. my first stadium show in denver!! i love you guys :growing_heart: 
insta17489 okay seattle that was insane. thank you to the 56,000 people who came to see us tonight!! 
insta17491 tay tay and tyty :heart_with_arrow: :camera:: 
insta17492 my first award show in a few years and it was so much fun thanks to you :growing_heart: i love you guys. ps thanks for this :sparkles:delicate:sparkles: dress. :camera:: 
insta17493 :cherry_blossom:billboard awards:cherry_blossom: 
insta17494 :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart:bts :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: so great meeting you!! you’re killing it!! 
insta17495 i’d do it over and over and over again if i could. :rose: 
insta17496 my my my... :camera:: 
insta17497 to the person i could call at any time of day, who has been there no matter what... you absolutely killed it tonight and everyone was so excited to see you. i love you, and 60,000 people at the rose bowl loved you too. :camera:: 
insta17498 thank you for surprising the rose bowl crowd tonight. you are the greatest and i’m obsessed with everything i’ve heard from your new album. my 1989 tourmate came back!!!! :camera:: and 
insta17499 crimson red paint on my lips... :kiss_mark: 
insta17500 can’t wait to play rose bowl friday and saturday! :rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose::rose: :camera:: and 
insta17501 me the day after a show. 
insta17502 love you guys :kiss_mark: :camera: 
insta17503 110,000 thank you’s to the 110,000 people who came to see us this weekend in santa clara, ca. i love you.:red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta17504 don’t blame me, love made me crazy... see you tonight, santa clara :fire: 
insta17505 we’ll see you tomorrow and saturday, santa clara ca!:high_voltage::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta17506 :snake::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17507 i had the time of my life with you glendale, arizona. :red_heart: 
insta17508 :red_heart: stadium tourmates :red_heart: :camera:: 
insta17509 fact: i’ve never been more excited about a tour than i am about this one. and it starts tomorrow. also, not even remotely tour related, but today i met a cactus. :cactus: 
insta17510 i want your midnights... 4 days til reputation stadium tour :two_hearts: 
insta17511 darling i'm a nightmare dressed like a.... girl rehearsing for her tour that starts in 9 days. 
insta17512 daily run-throughs because it’s 10 days away. 
insta17513 11 days til reputation stadium tour :party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper::party_popper: first 3 shows will be glendale az (may 8) then 2 in santa clara ca (may 11 and 12)!! 
insta17514 12 days til reputation stadium tour!!! 
insta17515 13 days til reputation stadium tour :kiss_mark: 
insta17516 go ahead and light me up. 
insta17517 :glowing_star:ur so gorgeous:glowing_star: 
insta17518 rep 
insta17519 :glowing_star:ur so gorgeous:glowing_star: 
insta17520 :glowing_star:ur so gorgeous:glowing_star: 
insta17521 :glowing_star:ur so gorgeous:glowing_star: 
insta17522 :glowing_star:ur so gorgeous:glowing_star: 
insta17523 deep blue but you painted me golden. 
insta17524 say hi to the reputation stadium tour dancers!! been spending my days rehearsing with these overwhelmingly talented people. 28 days til glendale az 
insta17525 went back and played the bluebird cafe in nashville! i played there for the first time when i was 14. there were bunny ears and :tumbler_glass: this time, thanks to craig wiseman. :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17526 times square is looking so *delicate* right now thanks :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta17527 no one should have to go to school in fear of gun violence. or to a nightclub. or to a concert. or to a movie theater. or to their place of worship. i’ve made a donation to show my support for the students, for the march for our lives campaign, for everyone affected by these tragedies, and to support gun reform. i’m so moved by the parkland high school students, faculty, by all families and friends of victims who have spoken out, trying to prevent this from happening again. 
insta17528 repu-hearsals :musical_notes: 
insta17529 we are all stretching to prep for that tour choreo. 
insta17530 out now. link in bio. 
insta17531 the swift life is available for free worldwide in the app store. see you there! 
insta17532 i love you guys so much. this was a photo took at jingle bell ball in london a few days ago. i couldn’t have asked for a better year, all thanks to you. thanks for all the birthday wishes. can’t wait to see what 28 will be like. see you on tour :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17536 big reputation :face_blowing_a_kiss: photo credit: kevin mazur 
insta17537 new york you were amazing !!!!!!!!!! thanks z100, what a night :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: photo credit: kevin mazur 
insta17538 our faces here make it pretty clear that we love you chicago :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: photo credit: andy argyrakis 
insta17540 there’s glitter on the floor after the party. 
insta17541 i never trust a narcissist but they love me... 
insta17542 inescapable i’m not even gonna try. and if i get burned, at least we were electrified. 
insta17543 deep blue, but you painted me golden. 
insta17544 thank you and for your passion, spirit, and contagious laughter on set. mert and marcus took these photos for and my album photos for reputation, and it’s been such a bonding experience working together so closely and talking so much about what we wanted to make. it’s been a while since i’ve done a magazine cover. i’m really happy my first one back was with such wonderful people. 
insta17545 :sparkles::sparkles::sparkles:poptopia:sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: photo credit 
insta17546 thank you to everyone who came to poptopia in san jose tonight!!! you guys were excellent. this was taken by while i was playing ‘i don’t wanna live forever’. 
insta17547 we’ll see you later on tonight in san jose at poptopia!:sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles::sparkles: photo credit: kevin winter 
insta17548 i feel that the lighting in this picture truly captures how angelic is for coming out and singing end game with me :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: photo credit: kevin winter 
insta17549 last night was funnnn. thank you to everyone who came to kiis-fm jingle ball you were so loud! and dancy. and wonderful. photo credit: kevin mazur 
insta17550 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17551 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17552 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17553 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17554 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17555 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17556 a huge thank you to one of my favorite photographers :red_heart: 
insta17557 i absolutely adore you :two_hearts::two_hearts::two_hearts: 
insta17558 thank you so much :sparkles: 
insta17559 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta17560 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17561 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17562 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17563 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17564 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17565 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17566 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17567 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17568 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17569 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17570 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17571 thank you :red_heart: 
insta17572 is out now. let the games begin. 
insta17573 is out. let the games begin. 
insta17574 is out. let the games begin. 
insta17575 waiting for like... 
insta17577 waiting for like... 
insta17578 2 days until 
insta17579 2 days until 
insta17580 2 days until 
insta17581 3 days until 
insta17582 3 days until 
insta17583 friday. 
insta17584 friday. 
insta17585 call it what you want. midnight eastern. 
insta17586 call it what you want. midnight eastern. 
insta17587 call it what you want. midnight eastern. 
insta17588 a glimpse into the making of there’s a video of me writing “gorgeous” on ‘s youtube page. link in bio. 
insta17589 a glimpse into the making of there’s a video of me writing “gorgeous” on ‘s youtube page. link in bio. 
insta17590 a glimpse into the making of there’s a video of me writing “gorgeous” on ‘s youtube page. link in bio. 
insta17591 link in bio. 
insta17592 link in bio. 
insta17593 link in bio. 
insta17596 there will be no further explanation. there will just be reputation. 
insta17597 reputation magazines vol.1 & vol. 2 target exclusive. nov. 10. pre-order now. 
insta17598 ...ready for it? new single out now. pre-order (link in bio) and find out about tickets and merch at taylorswift.com 
insta17602 the other day at what a beautiful show! 
insta17603 mini me 
insta17604 new campaign by thank you thank you !!! 
insta17606 sadly, i never personally knew you, but knowing i’m capable of all these emotions for someone i only knew from a far makes me feel more human than ever. you had the magical ability of bringing people together, through sports and through your soul. we feel you so heavily today, i know you can feel us too. rest peacefully kobe, gigi and the rest of the passengers we lost today. my heart truly goes out to all the families. give a big hug to the people you love today and always 
insta17607 we both use :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta17608 howdy 
insta17609 new campaign by & 
insta17610 british vogue by 
insta17611 back to work 
insta17612 flashback to my birthday but also episode 9 is out 
insta17614 styling made easy with !! 
insta17615 jellyfish and mosquito’s 
insta17616 loving this new bag! 
insta17617 :robot: 
insta17618 friendssss 
insta17619 went to for the holidays and put together my favorites for my holiday wish list. see more in my stories! 
insta17620 coziest weather 
insta17621 everyone in favor of fai and i starting a family say “i” :raised_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17622 remember this? 
insta17623 find :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta17624 new december :blue_heart: by 
insta17625 the x collection is made of dreams. happy to be part of the main collection launches 07.nov.2019 
insta17626 thank you for the love 
insta17627 yesterday we all took our cars to the track and i learned how to drift :)))) swipe cuz this shit makes me happy 
insta17628 forest fairy and friends 
insta17629 forest fairy 
insta17630 the x main collection launches 07.nov.2019 
insta17631 last year’s halloween :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: 
insta17632 the 1 
insta17633 new story by ! 
insta17634 psycho + psycho = :red_heart: 
insta17635 lounging in for 
insta17636 new by 
insta17637 look mom i’m a mermaid new video by :mermaid_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17639 my friends :drooling_face: 
insta17640 we don’t date he’s just my date :black_heart: 
insta17641 scorpio season is a’comin 
insta17642 swipe for me and my twin 
insta17645 :woman_artist_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17646 new cover by :firecracker: 
insta17647 my favorite little bag :black_heart: 
insta17648 episode 8 “global is noble” check it out on :deciduous_tree::deciduous_tree::deciduous_tree: 
insta17649 love this cropped puffer 
insta17650 beautiful show, thank you for having me 
insta17651 one of my favorites from the new campaign in the over-the-knee boots 
insta17653 just chasing sunsets 
insta17654 :) 
insta17655 loves summer 
insta17656 last day on set for the summer 
insta17658 :lady_beetle: 
insta17659 w/ :black_heart: 
insta17660 when my acne was at its worst, i was a high schooler who didn’t want to leave the house. now i’m content with my skin. if you want to try proactiv, you won’t regret it. link in bio. 
insta17661 out now by 
insta17662 mems :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta17663 :smiling_face: 
insta17665 :red_heart: 
insta17666 hope aliens dig me 
insta17667 classic alien hand 
insta17669 :red_heart: 
insta17670 lights just better here 
insta17671 last nights show! 
insta17672 :watermelon: 
insta17673 tonight at amfar wearing x :heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow::heart_with_arrow: 
insta17674 cranberry legs 
insta17675 throwback 
insta17676 new cover, june issue, wearing :kiss_mark: 
insta17678 by 
insta17679 by 
insta17680 by 
insta17681 click bait? 
insta17682 happy mother’s day 
insta17683 sorry for more, but also not 
insta17684 my girl 
insta17685 pre met loved my last night :gem_stone::gem_stone::gem_stone: :camera_with_flash: 
insta17686 met 2019 - thank you hand-crafted :gem_stone: 
insta17687 :red_heart: 
insta17688 can’t stop using my new favorite thing, my whitening pen. 
insta17690 glow in the dark friends 
insta17691 heading to the house last weekend. make sure you go check it out 
insta17692 new :gem_stone: campaign 
insta17693 new may issue cover story by my loves :red_heart: 
insta17694 :video_game: 
insta17696 getting into the groove of using my products :sparkles: 
insta17697 soho nyc 
insta17698 :heart_with_ribbon: bts shot by 
insta17700 learning moms recipe 
insta17701 :warning: 
insta17702 sunday’s for the girls 
insta17703 by :dragon: 
insta17704 all new women’s day ep! live now ft. link in bio :red_heart: 
insta17705 good morning :cow: 
insta17706 middle school 
insta17707 :brain: 
insta17708 just some light stretching. excited to share my latest for in the stretch stilettos 
insta17710 last night at 
insta17711 i’m not a spy, you’re a spy 
insta17712 excited to be a part of the new campaign celebrating what it means to live in the now. thank you . 
insta17713 today is the only full super moon in virgo this year— what an honor to be a part of your beautiful shows. what an honor to be your bride. what an honor to be your friend. :red_heart: rip karl, you are greatness in its purest form. we will remember you forever indeed, virgo 
insta17714 this disney classic by 
insta17715 cant wait to see what’s to come with and at london fashion week this weekend. 
insta17716 tonight :black_heart: 
insta17717 excited to have celebrated the modern love exhibition with and loved my custom true choker! 
insta17718 allure march issue by my darling :sunflower::yellow_heart: 
insta17719 more of :black_heart: 
insta17720 yes, no, maybe so? 
insta17721 told you it was drama shot by & 
insta17722 drama. my feb. cover by & !! one of my favorite shoots i’ve ever done! can’t wait for you guys to see the rest. dream come true! :sunflower::sparkles::rose: ossessione 
insta17723 call me... i’m waiting ahh teaser videos by :rose: 
insta17724 sweet, tiny noodle! your energy is powerful, i hope the world offers you nothing but beautiful things. i love you stormeroo! happy 1st birthday :butterfly: 
insta17725 i’ll drive 
insta17726 excited to be part of the spring 2019 campaign with and !!! 
insta17727 while there are much bigger problems happening in the world, suffering from acne for me was debilitating. it’s something that i’ve dealt with since i was a young teen and has caused me to feel anxious, helpless and insecure. as humans, i don’t think we share our insecurities enough because we live in a time where being “perfect” is the standard. we curate our life online and pick the pretty moments to post. i’d like to show a younger generation that not everything is perfect. being insecure about my acne gave me thick skin but i wouldn’t ever wish that feeling upon anyone so after trying countless options, i found something that has been helpful in maintaining clear skin for me. it’s been a long journey but i’m excited for where my skin is now. i didn’t think i’d see the day where i would feel confident posting a makeup free picture. my goal is to open up a dialogue around skin positivity. :red_heart: 
insta17728 i do my own stunts 
insta17729 adidassleek always 
insta17730 :cloud: 
insta17731 really into green these days :green_heart: happy new year! 
insta17732 fuck it’s cold 
insta17733 :scorpion: 
insta17734 merry christmas :green_heart::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta17735 temper tantrums get the best of us 
insta17736 new campaign! shot by :alien: 
insta17737 bts 
insta17738 a throwback for all 100m of you! love you lots. always thankful :smiling_face_with_hearts: 
insta17739 sasha’s film for 
insta17740 moments before and during the fashion show 
insta17741 anytime, anyplace :flying_saucer::flying_saucer: 
insta17742 all my siblings posting their babies and shit and i’m just like... 
insta17743 so thankful wow 
insta17744 :woman_detective_light_skin_tone: 
insta17745 presenting live from london! so excited for you collection drops tomorrow. 
insta17746 :skull::skull::skull: issue 2 cover by 
insta17747 i’ve had so much pasta since this day 
insta17748 thank you for honoring me with icon of the year :sparkles: 
insta17749 always an honor :sparkles: 
insta17750 tonight at :zany_face: 
insta17751 special gatefold back cover for issue 2…..launching on nov 15th by styled by make up hair wearing 
insta17752 happy happy birthday to my gorgeous mom!!! i love you lots you rockstar :red_heart: 
insta17753 thank you :rocket: 
insta17754 not a costume, a lifestyle 
insta17755 throwback vs vibe with my sisters :baby_angel_light_skin_tone: thank you for letting us steal your wings for the night 
insta17756 happy halloween kids :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17757 you’re tiny and cute, ok? 
insta17758 shazam 
insta17759 should we shag now or shag later baby? 
insta17760 do i make you randy? 
insta17761 :scorpion: 
insta17762 :scorpion: 
insta17763 :scorpion: 
insta17764 the warmest. the coolest. the baddest. 
insta17765 happy birthday to my beautiful sister :rose: 
insta17766 :crescent_moon: by 
insta17767 super warm. super cool. super super. 
insta17768 :sunflower: 
insta17769 i love naps 
insta17770 inner peace is the mission 
insta17771 don’t me 
insta17772 bye milano! 
insta17773 thank you milan :black_heart: 
insta17774 just got my yeezy boost 350 v2 triple white. now available on adidas.com/yeezy and yeezy supply 
insta17775 luka said hot mess 
insta17776 technically this is just my torso... 
insta17777 find me sometime 
insta17778 wonderful show :purple_heart: 
insta17779 :woman_farmer_light_skin_tone: 
insta17780 tune in now world link in bio 
insta17781 :black_heart: 
insta17782 we didn’t win anything :pensive_face: 
insta17783 baby 
insta17784 i love clouds 
insta17785 :balloon: 
insta17786 love :sparkles: 
insta17787 we’re 21 bitch! 
insta17788 who is she? 
insta17789 read about me cover story by 
insta17790 brothers 
insta17791 listen to momma 
insta17792 my beautiful family, shot by me, in join our family. 
insta17793 bts w/ 
insta17794 love being back with my sisters in the new fall 2018 underwear & jeans campaign. join our family. see more at calvinklein.com/mycalvins 
insta17795 prada :fire::fire::fire: 
insta17796 shit 
insta17797 fan edited :red_heart: meow 
insta17798 alien sister 
insta17799 gotta dig deep for the good shit 
insta17800 me and bells in :black_heart: 
insta17802 back at met w/ :1st_place_medal: 
insta17803 happy camper 
insta17804 boys boys boys 
insta17805 sneak peek. happy birthday :balloon: 
insta17806 thank you :black_heart: 
insta17807 4am :wine_glass: 
insta17808 :sunglasses: 
insta17809 vogue turkey :motorcycle::dashing_away: 
insta17810 vogue turkey cover with this sexy guy! :black_heart::black_heart::black_heart: 
insta17811 cute but she’ll rip your face off 
insta17812 she’ll get yuh 
insta17813 bone-dry 
insta17814 :high_voltage::high_voltage::high_voltage: 
insta17815 they let me bring my camera into the met :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta17816 cannes 
insta17817 oops 
insta17819 the story! 
insta17820 new elle cover! thank you thank you photographed by the lovely :tulip: 
insta17821 heavenly hungover 
insta17822 we’re extra af :dove::black_heart: 
insta17823 met! thank you for my look tonight :dove: 
insta17824 met! 
insta17825 heat wave 
insta17826 met! almost time 
insta17827 excited :black_heart: 
insta17828 i love this wow you guys are cool 
insta17829 loli:collision: 
insta17830 the 1st pic is how i feel about 90 million of you! lots of love :rose::zany_face::red_heart: 
insta17831 keeping my feelings low key 
insta17832 the party gods got me 
insta17833 :police_car_light::police_car_light::police_car_light: 
insta17834 bye! 
insta17835 tune in! :pizza::pizza::pizza: 
insta17836 lil turtles 
insta17837 busy 
insta17838 ... 
insta17839 dreaming :rose: 
insta17840 my people 
insta17841 vogue video by :sparkles: 
insta17842 shot by :green_heart: 
insta17843 thrilled to cover april dreamers issue!! vogue continues to make my dreams come true. :red_heart: shot by my babies 
insta17844 watch out 
insta17845 love you, mean it 
insta17846 moody af 
insta17847 tell me more 
insta17850 escaping to the beautiful life with 
insta17851 march issue cover story 
insta17852 march issue cover 
insta17854 never before seen 2016 
insta17855 never before seen 2016 
insta17856 my new baby dragon :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta17857 i’ll miss your kisses forever gooby :broken_heart: i know you’re up there swimming, little fishy 
insta17861 gangs all here 
insta17862 our family. 
insta17863 this coat! backstage 
insta17864 2018! harper’s bazaar & 
insta17866 honored and humbled to be able to attend the golden globes with . my eyes were opened and my heart is full seeing all of the men and women who were a part of this vital change! i too stand with all women. 
insta17867 love cover by me :red_heart: 
insta17868 my baby 
insta17869 loner life :alien: 
insta17870 merry merry 
insta17871 xmas eve party last year :Christmas_tree: 
insta17872 missing you 
insta17873 tomboy at heart 
insta17874 super8 bts by 
insta17875 family xmas card day 12 
insta17876 :blue_heart: 
insta17877 brb :alien: 
insta17878 who cares??? 
insta17879 welcome, super moon :sparkles: 
insta17880 peaches and the mangos 
insta17881 :kiss_mark: 
insta17882 moments :red_heart: 
insta17883 they grow up so fast :musical_notes::black_heart: syre 
insta17884 wavy 
insta17885 last night :sparkles: 
insta17886 thank you for all the bday love :red_heart: see the link in my bio to help my bday wishes come true by donating to my charity: water birthday campaign! xo 
insta17887 :alien: poster book issue one. shot by this legend :backhand_index_pointing_right_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17889 it's that time of year again :red_heart::Christmas_tree::sparkles: 
insta17890 84° 
insta17891 new in vogue 
insta17892 :rose: 
insta17893 :balloon:by me 
insta17894 love, milano :kiss_mark: 
insta17895 so fucking major 
insta17896 ralph 
insta17897 thank you! thank you! 
insta17898 tom ford 
insta17899 love 
insta17901 write to me :rose: 
insta17902 little man gets me 
insta17903 :cherries::cherries::cherries: 
insta17904 w korea, september issue by 
insta17905 hollywood reporter 
insta17906 sister power... girl power :oncoming_fist_medium_skin_tone: 
insta17907 moody 
insta17908 peep the adidas tho 
insta17909 :tulip: new from 
insta17910 made my day :) 
insta17911 i don't smoke 
insta17912 stupid flower boy 
insta17913 :) 
insta17914 gotta support the homies :call_me_hand_medium_skin_tone: i'm so proud of and valerian was amazing :blue_heart: 
insta17915 :purple_heart: 
insta17916 jet lag 
insta17917 new campaign shot by karl :blue_heart: 
insta17918 :camera_with_flash: 
insta17919 :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta17920 me and rn 
insta17921 fendi 
insta17922 :United_States: 
insta17923 cowboy fun 
insta17924 they're playing our song 
insta17925 rest of 2017 
insta17926 :pizza::pizza::pizza: 
insta17927 vogue by theo 
insta17928 :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta17929 :fire: 
insta17931 security never slackin 
insta17932 f/w17 by me 
insta17933 f/w17 by me 
insta17934 f/w17 by me 
insta17935 :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone::nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone::nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta17936 legally blonde vibes :bikini: 
insta17937 :red_heart: 
insta17938 thank you :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta17940 :rose: 
insta17941 swipe :backhand_index_pointing_right_medium-light_skin_tone:, cuz my dress was working 
insta17942 always been an og 
insta17943 you won't find me 
insta17944 my baby girl 
insta17945 cheeks were just out last night 
insta17947 la perla at the met 
insta17948 playing dress up 
insta17949 dreamy 
insta17950 :alien_monster: 
insta17951 :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta17952 water covers 70% of our planet, but 663 million people still don’t have access to clean and safe drinking water:droplet:. today is and we can help change that. please join me in standing with follow and click the link in my bio to learn how you can get involved! 
insta17953 polaroids by me 
insta17954 :eyes: 
insta17955 empire state building ft. me 
insta17956 behind the scenes with harpers bazaar 
insta17957 :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta17958 harper's bazaar 150th anniversary issue. stay tuned... 
insta17959 better talk nice 
insta17960 :hamburger: 
insta17961 new mixtape 
insta17962 oh pee wee 
insta17963 honored to be a judge for the lvmh young designers! 
insta17964 last round 
insta17965 voguegirl 
insta17966 :bottle_with_popping_cork: 
insta17967 bathroom selfie :check_mark: 
insta17968 super super 
insta17969 it's a ting 
insta17971 spirit animal 
insta17972 sienna by me. love 17 cover 
insta17973 by me. love 17 cover 
insta17974 by me. love 17 cover 
insta17975 gang 
insta17976 march issue 
insta17977 vogue, march issue, with all these lovely ladies 
insta17978 dropone coming soon 
insta17979 no smoking :rose: 
insta17980 kaia by me for love 
insta17981 there's no crying in baseball 
insta17982 love a good party 
insta17983 the most trouble 
insta17984 me 
insta17985 i wish i could have been a part of this amazing history. beyond proud. 
insta17986 givenchy 
insta17987 read a book 
insta17988 sweetboy and all his sweetness 
insta17989 vitamin d 
insta17990 chaos 
insta17991 moi is amazing 
insta17992 :red_heart: 
insta17993 viiiibe 
insta17994 january issue by :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta17995 last night with mike 
insta17996 waking up in 
insta17997 swim in the light 
insta17998 new campaign 
insta17999 friends in vogue :) by 
insta18000 friends in vogue :) by 
insta18001 friends in vogue :) by 
insta18002 kenny's pink xmas 
insta18003 after 
insta18004 before 
insta18005 burger please 
insta18006 last year 
insta18007 trouble 
insta18008 we're off! 
insta18009 :airplane: 
insta18010 get 
insta18011 return of the mack by me 
insta18012 happy by me 
insta18013 shy boy by me 
insta18014 pit stop 
insta18015 her her her her 
insta18017 vintage paris hilton vibes 
insta18018 21 21 
insta18019 estée days :blue_heart: 
insta18020 ughhhh 
insta18021 out takes 
insta18022 :red_heart::red_heart: 
insta18023 sunday night 
insta18024 dad's dad 
insta18025 calm cool and collected 
insta18026 low key look 
insta18027 dibs? 
insta18028 we always roll like this 
insta18030 if you don't know, now you know 
insta18031 voting is cute || rtvote.com/kendall 
insta18033 always getting me around 
insta18035 spanish vogue by 
insta18036 spanish vogue by 
insta18037 spanish vogue by 
insta18038 german vogue by 
insta18039 german vogue by 
insta18040 german vogue by 
insta18041 spanish vogue october issue shot by 
insta18042 paris please 
insta18044 karl by me:balloon: 
insta18045 bb 
insta18046 german vogue october issue shot by my loves 
insta18047 can't touch this 
insta18048 this was cool 
insta18049 vibe 
insta18050 october australian vogue shot by 
insta18051 selfies with fans :green_heart: 
insta18052 me on tonight on abc! 
insta18053 unpublished by + 
insta18055 vogue japan | october 2016 cover shot by 
insta18056 ufo 
insta18057 siiick 
insta18059 thank you for getting us to turks safe and sound 
insta18060 baby flowa 
insta18061 turks and caicos, courtesy of 
insta18063 more from vogue shot by & 
insta18064 in a room with a bunch of people i love, looking at this cover made me cry. i fucking did it. september vogue. this is the coolest thing ever! can't thank you enough anna, for giving me the honor. september issue, photographed by and and styled by see the cover story and photos in the link in my bio. :red_heart: 
insta18065 pretty much 
insta18067 is helping to give the gift of sight to those in need. i have teamed up with them to double their donations for every pair sold in the next 24 hours so that we can do even more good together. help us spread the love 
insta18068 luka man 
insta18069 :woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18070 mj:red_heart: 
insta18071 us kids 
insta18072 love mag 
insta18073 tea time 
insta18074 kaia photographed by me for love magazine :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18075 fendi fw16 campaign shot by 
insta18076 pals 
insta18077 da city 
insta18078 one of the most beautiful shows last night with 
insta18080 the 4th in malibu thanks to :victory_hand_medium-light_skin_tone::United_States: 
insta18081 weekend :United_States::United_States::United_States: 
insta18082 workin ain't yuh? 
insta18083 london town 
insta18084 new shot for le rouge gloss 
insta18085 marc jacobs fall '16 campaign shot by david sims. thank you for everything marc and katie!! :skull::skull::skull: 
insta18086 :person_tipping_hand_light_skin_tone::person_tipping_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18087 :baby_light_skin_tone: 
insta18088 :red_heart: 
insta18089 :nail_polish_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18091 sus face :thinking_face: 
insta18092 kylie stole my camera 
insta18093 you said it sis :red_heart: 
insta18094 new swim top shop out now! 
insta18095 put me in coach 
insta18096 rest peacefully you legend 
insta18097 :balloon: 
insta18098 sneak peek bathing suits w/ top shop 
insta18099 save the drink 
insta18100 hi jlaw! 
insta18101 morning smog 
insta18102 swimming back to america like 
insta18103 at the moment 
insta18104 mood 
insta18105 :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18106 yesterday in cannes 
insta18107 cover shot by the wonderful :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta18108 :woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18109 flashback cannes 2015. i'm back :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18110 field trip :check_mark: kids are all home 
insta18111 kids these days 
insta18112 monkey days :red_heart: 
insta18113 ky by me 
insta18114 north by me 
insta18115 moi by me 
insta18117 last night :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18118 met 2016. thank you 
insta18119 gangs all here 
insta18120 honored to be here 
insta18123 one of my favorite days with one of my favorite people...happy birthday g!!! 
insta18124 more?! 
insta18125 coolest guy 
insta18126 moooorning 
insta18127 :glowing_star::star::glowing_star: 
insta18129 yesssss 
insta18130 touch ups. bts 
insta18131 :alien: 
insta18132 team work. 
insta18133 whyyyyy mom?! 
insta18134 vintage hermès 
insta18135 the wife of pablo 
insta18136 me + pablo 
insta18137 :ZZZ::ZZZ: 
insta18138 goals goals goals 
insta18139 snapchat: kendalljenner 
insta18140 boy talk 
insta18141 :women’s_room: cuz i'm a lady that's why :women’s_room: 
insta18142 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18143 back at it again 
insta18144 :weary_cat: 
insta18145 :green_heart: 
insta18146 happy birthday bobby boy! and happy st. patrick's day! :four_leaf_clover: 
insta18147 fendi:multiply:rome 
insta18148 fashion month :check_mark: 
insta18149 :multiply:2 
insta18151 go to bed karl...jk love you 
insta18152 mood :unamused_face: 
insta18153 :person_tipping_hand_medium-light_skin_tone::person_gesturing_OK_light_skin_tone: 
insta18154 opened and closed love you !!! 
insta18155 paris 
insta18156 back to work 
insta18157 fore 
insta18159 dead poets society 
insta18160 missing family :red_heart: 
insta18161 happy birthday. we miss you :red_heart: 
insta18164 look how they shine for you :star::star::star: 
insta18165 march vogue by 
insta18166 shirt by history by 
insta18167 new underwear 
insta18168 daisy long legs 
insta18169 bodyguard chic 
insta18170 :kiss_mark::rose: flashback 
insta18171 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta18172 zaza:cross_mark:vday 
insta18173 :fork_and_knife: 
insta18174 yeezy season 3 :folded_hands_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18175 today show this morning with wrangler :green_heart: kendall + kylie 
insta18176 mood 
insta18177 a moment last night. kendall + kylie 
insta18178 snow shoes 
insta18179 kendall + kylie squad 
insta18180 booty 
insta18181 :cherry_blossom: 
insta18183 zee hotline 
insta18184 deep convo about, well...nothing else but of course. :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta18185 :ZZZ: 
insta18186 life size 
insta18187 trippy 
insta18188 call for a good time :pizza: 
insta18189 similar career paths 
insta18190 pizza boys 
insta18192 me, not done by me :pencil: 
insta18193 no touchy 
insta18195 r.i.p. 
insta18196 yes 
insta18197 victor all up in my selfie. set 
insta18198 by me 
insta18199 shot by 
insta18200 class 
insta18201 new year, new hammock 
insta18202 throwback. i love you my sister :red_heart: 
insta18203 i guess penelope and north are the only nice ones :squinting_face_with_tongue: merry christmas! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18204 momma's house :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: christmas 
insta18205 making snow on christmas eve 
insta18206 so over it 
insta18207 it's a kengi xmas :women_holding_hands: 
insta18208 vogue brasil cover shot by one of my favorite humans ...if anyone knows about my modeling journey they know that this man is one of the reasons i am where i'm at today. so cool to do this cover story with you, russell. :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::red_heart: 
insta18210 5:19pm 
insta18211 me as a mom. 
insta18212 kylie is a ninja 
insta18213 cali xmas 
insta18214 tree hugger 
insta18215 tonight :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta18216 get our new party looks at topshop.com 
insta18217 flashback. rehearsal day for dec. 8th 
insta18218 a sharks gotta do what a sharks gotta do... 
insta18219 set vibes today. 
insta18221 faux cig. :camera: 
insta18222 i'm working really hard 
insta18223 mom? 
insta18224 last night 
insta18225 ugg love :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18226 disco disco 
insta18227 :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone::palm_tree: 
insta18228 me as alice. december vogue 
insta18229 me as alice. december vogue 
insta18230 me as alice. december vogue 
insta18231 quick trip :Australia: 
insta18232 i'm sending love and prayers all over the world tonight. 
insta18233 ok i lied ... last one! byeeeee :smiling_face: 
insta18234 sorry i'm just all emotional and excited about what happened yesterday. last one for now :face_savoring_food: 
insta18235 look 2 :gem_stone: 
insta18236 just da baby :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18237 before the runway :face_with_tongue: 
insta18238 last night :red_heart: 
insta18239 boys room 
insta18240 rehearsal :check_mark: learning from one of the best 
insta18241 final touches at fitting! excited for tomorrow :beating_heart::beating_heart: 
insta18242 nyc 
insta18243 miss daisy 
insta18244 missing the littlest one 
insta18245 my favorite photo for all 40 mill of you. genuine happiness...taken by lil ky 
insta18246 the best birthday present ever! always been one of my biggest dreams to be on this catwalk. 's newest recruits. oh and i get to do it with my best friend :face_savoring_food: 
insta18247 lady karl last night :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta18248 captain p! small but mighty 
insta18249 me as a gap baseball player? 
insta18250 mood af 
insta18251 i get to drive past this everyday. :left_arrow::right_arrow: 
insta18252 batman bunny 
insta18253 airport flow 
insta18254 sister sunday 
insta18255 moment. thanks to for my new jeans. back pocket :OK_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18256 pink baby 
insta18257 shooting with the bestie and for november > 
insta18258 bit of little willie john to get us into a groove november 
insta18259 morning nyc and :fire: 
insta18260 puppies 
insta18261 more tea. and are helping to save lives and end breast cancer by empowering others and investing in science to find cures. by purchasing a bracelet, you’re supporting breast cancer research. :beating_heart: 
insta18262 shapes 
insta18263 me&tea 
insta18264 cake baby 
insta18265 washing away my sins :skull: :skull: 
insta18266 :waving_hand_medium-light_skin_tone:paris 
insta18267 sun never sets on a badass 
insta18268 no nip slip 
insta18269 so thrilled to pose with my family for the first time in forever in honor of 50th birthday issue! november issue in stores everywhere next week. 
insta18271 moms my biggest fan :red_heart: 
insta18272 creepin 
insta18274 balmain booty 
insta18275 :skull: 
insta18276 :France: 
insta18277 back to :France: 
insta18279 beware of dogg 
insta18280 60's gentleman 
insta18283 witchy shadow 
insta18284 sunrise 
insta18285 2 vogue covers in 2 days!!! what is life?! cover shot by 
insta18286 more from my inside cover story 
insta18287 inside cover story 
insta18288 oh good morning! here's my new cover! shot by my loves :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart: 
insta18289 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18290 serious fashion crew! great week 
insta18291 fierceness 
insta18292 thanks derek :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses::smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta18293 :angry_face: 
insta18294 post givenchy 
insta18297 idiots at the open :face_with_tongue: 
insta18298 yo. goals. 
insta18299 strong summer vibes 
insta18302 see-through city 
insta18303 bed all day. rodeo tonight. 
insta18304 missing these snuggles 
insta18305 :fire: 
insta18306 hide and seek 
insta18307 me's 
insta18308 :cyclone::backhand_index_pointing_up_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18309 :broken_heart: 
insta18310 last night :skull: 
insta18311 ahoy 
insta18312 g-night 
insta18313 baeeeewatch 
insta18314 photo booth 
insta18315 september vogue 
insta18316 baby face in september vogue 
insta18317 september vogue shot by inez & vinoodh 
insta18318 :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta18319 brad 
insta18320 :alien::alien::alien: 
insta18321 :bug: 
insta18322 currently. 
insta18323 i be in the kitchen cookin' pies 
insta18325 weekend vibes 
insta18326 with passion 
insta18327 yogi goals 
insta18328 when you start realizin shit. :face_with_tears_of_joy: norman is me 
insta18329 65' 
insta18330 cola 
insta18331 :alien: 
insta18332 adventures of wigi and wenny 
insta18334 still w/ 
insta18335 w/ 
insta18336 :sun: 
insta18337 rainy day 
insta18338 sister squad! f/w 2015 shot by 
insta18339 when sis don't do as i say :raised_fist_medium-light_skin_tone::oncoming_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: f/w 2015 ad campaign. photographed by mario sorrenti 
insta18340 fam blacked out 
insta18341 squad 
insta18342 new shot by karl lagerfeld....no big deal :face_with_crossed-out_eyes: 
insta18343 :couple_with_heart_woman_woman: 
insta18344 babe, you're blue 
insta18345 new for underwear 
insta18346 little tease at the new underwear :winking_face: 
insta18347 of course i said yes :person_with_veil_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18348 :skull: 
insta18349 tonight show backstage 
insta18350 land of the free :United_States::sparkles: 
insta18351 coffee? 
insta18352 warhol 
insta18353 and by "you" i mean all 30 million :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18354 table for two :raised_hand_medium-light_skin_tone: 
insta18355 check out my mini 
insta18356 cuuuute 
insta18357 still can't hear 
insta18358 g-spot doesn't play by the rules 
insta18359 :rocket: 
insta18360 x xxxx xxx 
insta18361 fashion gang fashion fam...cover of vogue japan 
insta18362 my exclusive lipstick shade is out today! esteelauder.com/kendall = where it’s at :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18363 my whole life this soul was my daddy and just because your appearance is different now doesn't mean you were any less of a father to me my entire life. happy father's day to the person who raised me, and taught me everything i know, my hero. 
insta18364 yesterday with for the 
insta18365 late night. too cool. 
insta18366 city bike 
insta18367 byeee 
insta18368 carpet cartwheels! 
insta18369 hong kong with 
insta18370 who needs one ad when you can have two...at the same time. :smirking_face: 
insta18371 landed 
insta18372 magical morning 
insta18373 i only facetime foods 
insta18374 stolen. :balloon: 
insta18375 mini world tour 
insta18376 :water_pistol::water_pistol: 
insta18377 rough morning? 
insta18378 i'm north today. 
insta18379 first tennis court in bh. 1911 
insta18380 i'm losing it 
insta18381 we out here 
insta18382 new china vogue cover with shot by :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta18383 something exciting with next week, stay tuned! :winking_face: 
insta18384 strawberry swing 
insta18385 ❥ 
insta18386 hey driver... 
insta18387 blur put my brows on fleeek... da fuck 
insta18388 :chequered_flag::chequered_flag: 
insta18389 :woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone::woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone::woman_dancing_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18390 i shall call him squishy and he shall be mine, and he shall be my squishy. 
insta18391 mood 
insta18393 :green_heart: 
insta18394 alaia is even better in the wind 
insta18395 princess k (that's the boats name) (really) 
insta18396 i had fun 
insta18397 cake in cannes! i missed you 
insta18398 always 
insta18401 the secrets revealed! my outfit tonight is one of the first pieces from the h&m x balmain designer collaboration! 
insta18402 my favorite human 
insta18403 :women_holding_hands: 
insta18404 cuz she's a cool mom 
insta18405 :face_with_tears_of_joy: happy mother's day mom! i love you to death 
insta18406 you're welcome... 
insta18407 you're the worst 
insta18408 everything goals 
insta18409 after 
insta18410 thank you for last night 
insta18411 last night with a purple unicorn and a booty 
insta18412 bathroom selfie? 
insta18413 what drone? :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta18415 bday babe :purple_heart: 
insta18416 :baby_medium_skin_tone: 
insta18417 i wrote this in 5th grade... nothing has changed. :red_heart: 
insta18418 last night 
insta18419 ouch boo boo kitty 
insta18420 soho 
insta18421 chella... :check_mark: 
insta18422 gorg is wild 
insta18423 being unicorns on set 
insta18424 and another from my cover story 
insta18425 inside 
insta18426 may issue cover! shot by the wonderful 
insta18427 :wrapped_gift: 
insta18428 baby jo 
insta18429 :yellow_heart: 
insta18431 calm before the storm 
insta18432 vibes right now :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18433 :palm_tree: 
insta18434 cover of harpers bazaar shot by 
insta18435 boys 
insta18436 woke up like :rabbit_face: hoppy easter! 
insta18437 wrapped :victory_hand: 
insta18438 me + these pretty ladies 
insta18439 found this last night. thought of you. 
insta18440 baby's! :purple_heart: 
insta18441 driving through nyc like...:nail_polish: 
insta18442 this is happening 
insta18443 :alien: 
insta18444 :red_heart:ck. see more of the denim series featuring me at calvinklein.com/kendall!! 
insta18445 just me in proud to be the face of the new denim series! 
insta18446 find me. 
insta18447 last one! april vogue spread 
insta18449 me, g, and norm in april 2015 vogue! 
insta18450 shot by the amazing april 2015 
insta18451 new video :hatching_chick: www.esteelauder.com/courreges 
insta18452 dream team 
insta18453 miss you moi! 
insta18455 happy birthday to my incredibly silly, wildly handsome big brother!!! you are my favorite person...ever! this guy is responsible for all the belly laughs i've had throughout my entire life. all the love in the world for this man. :four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover::four_leaf_clover: 
insta18456 typical 
insta18457 home :green_heart: 
insta18458 thanks for hooking me up & :guard: 
insta18459 girls night :relieved_face: 
insta18460 missing the fam 
insta18461 i knew we were sisters 
insta18462 thank you for a lovely night last night (and the greatest date)! :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::relieved_face: 
insta18463 tea time 
insta18465 today's show 
insta18466 i feeeelllll you. 
insta18467 take me back 
insta18468 ask and you shall receive. selfie for all 20 mill of you :face_blowing_a_kiss: thanks for all the love 
insta18469 london 
insta18470 books n learning 
insta18471 bye 
insta18472 :rose: 
insta18473 backstage :blue_heart: 
insta18474 :ghost: 
insta18476 cold?! 
insta18477 spent my vday with g and a million amazing fans. lucky girl :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18478 ye. 
insta18479 me and my lil monkey inside my cover shoot. shot by 
insta18480 diamonds are forever 
insta18481 céline so mean 
insta18482 we're eating raw oatmeal. 
insta18483 too many 
insta18485 ꮮꮎꮙꭼ. 
insta18486 my cover! 
insta18487 :new_moon_face: 
insta18488 love cover! 
insta18489 1 year ago with 
insta18490 touch ups on set today 
insta18491 towel series 62 by 
insta18492 :kiss_mark: 
insta18493 chanel 
insta18494 out 
insta18495 chilly night on the ferris wheel 
insta18496 johnny&winona :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18497 of course some shit go down when.... 
insta18498 :basketball: 
insta18500 and another one! check out my full story at http://vogue.cm/1iglmmx 
insta18501 no you're cool. named british gqs coolest woman?! 
insta18502 sister selfie 
insta18503 in my own little galaxy 
insta18504 gotta be a big kid sometimes. check out . story online now, on newsstands jan. 24th 
insta18505 on the bus. love these two. 
insta18507 raining 
insta18508 i love winnie da pooh 
insta18509 me by and for campaign ss15 
insta18510 rockin with the fam 
insta18511 we got you dj 
insta18512 cuddle boy 
insta18513 ski don't gooo! :weary_face: 
insta18514 weirdos 
insta18515 come find me 
insta18516 sandy balmain 
insta18517 happy new yearrrr!!! 
insta18518 dubyeeee 2014 :waving_hand: 
insta18519 incredible place 
insta18521 i'm third wheeling hard 
insta18522 joyce is life :kiss_mark: 
insta18523 xmas morning watching the grinch. you guys. 
insta18524 betta notttt 
insta18525 caught him 
insta18526 just killin it on the dance floor with the kids 
insta18527 hi santa! 
insta18528 :rose: where's the mistletoe at doe?!? 
insta18529 okkaaayyyyyyy!! :fire::fire::fire: 
insta18530 skallywags 
insta18531 game face 
insta18532 we don't fvck wit yoouuu 
insta18533 the gingerbread man has a sweet driveway 
insta18534 i'm gunna swing 
insta18535 already ready :) 
insta18536 starting off 2015 in shot by 
insta18537 squady :guard: 
insta18538 twinning and we didn't even have to try :smirking_face: 
insta18539 love my bracelet! they just donated to great cause. 
insta18540 :nail_polish: 
insta18541 he's 5 and i can't take it! stop growing so fast buddy! love you mase :blue_heart: 
insta18542 can not wait to go home to this. 
insta18544 snowy night :purple_heart: 
insta18545 face off with & 
insta18546 yeezus walks 
insta18547 'tis the season :Santa_Claus: 
insta18548 coming monday :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18549 nom nom 
insta18550 smelly's girls party! :Christmas_tree::Santa_Claus::sparkles::red_heart: 
insta18551 :Santa_Claus: 
insta18552 it's 68 degrees, and there is a 30% chance that it is already raining 
insta18553 above the clouds 
insta18554 a picture does not do this place justice. 
insta18555 :airplane: 
insta18556 happiest place on :globe_showing_Americas: 
insta18557 thankful for you baby sis 
insta18558 okay deeennnnn 
insta18559 taking pictures of me taking pictures. hi g! 
insta18560 rest peacefully mike brown. 
insta18561 my cover of :winking_face: 
insta18562 last night :red_heart: 
insta18563 happy birthday 
insta18564 babes 
insta18565 auntie kenny carpooling the little monster 
insta18566 my dawgs 
insta18567 scary-go-round. mason knows how to throw a good party :skull::skull: 
insta18568 hm 
insta18569 this is exactly how i feel right now :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18570 i am super excited to announce that i am the new face of check out http://www.esteelauder.com/kendall to see more...i still can't believe it myself! 
insta18571 :smirking_face: 
insta18572 sunniest sunset 
insta18573 repost :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18575 oh. good morning? 
insta18576 diners and earmuffs 
insta18578 dad is so proud 
insta18580 last night was somethin' :kiss_mark: 
insta18581 love on top of love. so much love today!!! :red_heart::kiss_mark: 
insta18582 me and skiiileton 
insta18583 luigi-mario....mario-luigi 
insta18584 kentyskyecarvis :ghost: 
insta18585 excuse me sir. what's the time? 
insta18586 in honor of halloween. with .... guess who.... 
insta18587 happy birthday to my dad, my everything! 
insta18588 blood, sweat, and only like one little tear. 
insta18589 mowgli :red_heart: 
insta18591 let's get the whip and go 
insta18592 we had a hat party last night :person_gesturing_OK: 
insta18593 loves :heart_with_arrow: 
insta18594 where's the tractor? 
insta18595 :fallen_leaf::maple_leaf::leaf_fluttering_in_wind: 
insta18596 picking :red_apple:'s 
insta18597 remember this? :collision::women_holding_hands: 
insta18598 ny's psychos :collision::ghost::kiss_mark::alien: 
insta18599 this guy must pull a lot of bitches 
insta18600 daddy×kenny×kyles 
insta18601 just flipping through :winking_face: 
insta18602 the movie is always better the 3rd time? 
insta18603 snuggs 
insta18604 vibes 
insta18605 :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18606 :person_getting_massage: 
insta18607 weeknd at the bowl 
insta18608 ummmm hi trav, ya i'm driving... 
insta18609 the flashes :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta18610 j's disguise 
insta18611 after hours at il mulino 
insta18612 pay no mind 
insta18613 lonely cloud 
insta18614 sleepy dark bambi 
insta18615 free the nipple 
insta18616 today at 
insta18617 :skull: 
insta18618 only brings this out of me 
insta18619 yahh 
insta18620 lol so much balmain booty!!! 
insta18621 bell-bottoms 
insta18622 jazz is paris and paris is jazz 
insta18623 :red_heart: 
insta18624 dreamworld. goodnight :sparkles: 
insta18625 this is amazing :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18626 bob? :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta18627 milano gelato 
insta18628 dolce & gabbana finale. front and center:woman_dancing: 
insta18629 backstage touch ups with my love at bottega veneta 
insta18630 my baby karlito! 
insta18631 :green_heart::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta18633 you can't sit with us 
insta18634 pizza, duomo, pigeons...lady in a yellow shirt 
insta18636 happy birthday :purple_heart::purple_heart: 
insta18637 big girl chair 
insta18638 perv :camera: 
insta18639 blurred lines :growing_heart: 
insta18640 daggers :purple_heart: 
insta18641 donuts? dancer? donuts. 
insta18642 currently... 
insta18643 good morning 
insta18644 2 and 3 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18645 it's getting hot in here! 
insta18646 :bomb: 
insta18647 regal? 
insta18648 coming soon! 
insta18649 sounds about right 
insta18650 hi 
insta18651 miles makes me giggle. 
insta18652 right here 
insta18654 :deciduous_tree: 
insta18655 s'cute! 
insta18656 yeezus just rose again 
insta18657 suckling on my teen vogue. 
insta18658 oh hi there 
insta18659 he wiped it off after :pensive_face: 
insta18660 :nail_polish: 
insta18661 let's all meet at my place... 
insta18662 :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta18664 :green_heart::green_heart::green_heart: 
insta18665 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18666 best group selfie ever? 
insta18667 rip 
insta18668 september 28th, 2015 
insta18669 sassy pants 
insta18670 my best friend 
insta18671 happy birthday to my teeny tiny baby sister i love you! 
insta18672 this is everything... 
insta18673 "do you ever just sit back and realize.....batman has to watch over all of this." :Statue_of_Liberty: 
insta18674 hi 
insta18675 this is our elephant friend, billard. 
insta18676 j 
insta18677 city slumber party in :red_apple: 
insta18678 :raised_hand: 
insta18679 my september covers are finally here! check out this one by + and visit for the other version! 
insta18680 sooo many pictures 
insta18681 love child 
insta18682 's birthday!!! :red_heart: 
insta18683 with the boys 
insta18684 :kiss_mark: 
insta18685 happy birthday !!! let's get crazy tonight! :collision::skull::fire::collision::skull: 
insta18686 where am i? 
insta18687 3 skies 
insta18688 1:40 by the fire. hi jordyn 
insta18689 1:30 by the fire 
insta18691 more from love :skull: 
insta18692 :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: baby bee 
insta18693 sure is 
insta18694 andddd my cover of love is finally here!! :red_heart::blue_heart::green_heart: 
insta18695 our teeny tiny mascot 
insta18696 "sibling rivalry" 
insta18697 hangin by the beach, just tryin' to be a fountain 
insta18698 off to the races! :horse: 
insta18699 on top of the world 
insta18700 girls getaway :speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta18701 i love baby love 
insta18702 me by and for 
insta18703 advice from lucy :smiling_face: 
insta18704 like a polaroid picture 
insta18705 last nights balmain look 
insta18707 a great time tonight with all these beautiful people 
insta18708 :flexed_biceps::collision::skull: 
insta18709 she looks up to me 
insta18710 happy birthday poosh!!! 
insta18711 can the people next door be quiet? my freckles are trying to take a nap :kiss_mark: 
insta18712 a very mature breakfast 
insta18713 i mishhhh you guys 
insta18714 i won't see fireworks this year sooooo, throwback to when we woke up thailand with our fireworks. happy 4th of july 'mercia!!! :United_States: 
insta18715 boating with ld 
insta18716 look out 
insta18719 i know you :Statue_of_Liberty: 
insta18720 you could park ten tahoes on it 
insta18721 dancing under my friend, the moon :crescent_moon: 
insta18722 happy birthday to my soul sister!!! i love you very much koko! :purple_heart::green_heart: 
insta18723 look at this hot birthday babe and her grillzzz!!! :gem_stone: 
insta18724 my ad for the next by and :blue_heart::red_heart: 
insta18725 night :yellow_heart: 
insta18726 kidchella :ferris_wheel: 
insta18728 sick fall/winter 2014 campaign 
insta18729 the campaign! thank you. you're amazing 
insta18730 pppppp!!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18731 :woman: 
insta18732 why do one slit when you can do two!? 
insta18733 happy father's day to the most wonderful man i know. love you daddy! 
insta18734 started off fun....didn't end so well 
insta18735 early father's day day :flag_in_hole: 
insta18737 love this sketch! 
insta18738 :open_hands: 
insta18740 check out the full story at http://bit.ly/1hslovq 
insta18741 :water_pistol::rose: 
insta18743 ...i'm being watched 
insta18744 chillin 
insta18745 :cactus: 
insta18746 vogue paris | june/july 
insta18747 all time favorite :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: good morning 
insta18748 strolling around the palace 
insta18749 superpowerssss :collision::eyes: 
insta18750 with al :winking_face::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18751 last night dancing in the rain with :kiss_mark: 
insta18753 :horse_face: 
insta18754 on a carousel, in the pouring rain, under the eiffel tower...i can check that off my bucket list :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18755 killin itttttttt :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18756 "baby, we should hit the south of france. so you could run around without them pants" 
insta18757 not sure...but lots of love! :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18758 a little side boob never hurt nobody :nail_polish: 
insta18759 magic 
insta18760 thoroughly enjoying the south of france :blue_heart: 
insta18761 no ones putting a ring on it so i put 2 :smirking_face:.... 
insta18762 hi cannes! 
insta18763 throwback to elephant kisses in thailand :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes::elephant: 
insta18764 matching? nooooo 
insta18765 "hold me like child" 
insta18766 happy mother's day momma! wish i was home to spend the day with you! :green_heart: 
insta18767 i would go anywhere tonight 
insta18768 this is heartbreaking. please help raise awareness! let's 
insta18769 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18770 :last_quarter_moon_face::sun_with_face::first_quarter_moon_face: 
insta18771 last night:trade_mark: :red_heart: 
insta18772 :red_heart: !! 
insta18773 me&rih :blue_heart: 
insta18774 :red_heart::rose: 
insta18775 nope. can't sit. :woman_dancing: 
insta18776 colonel tennessee 
insta18777 moi. the man usually behind the camera 
insta18778 the holy paper towels 
insta18779 :paw_prints: 
insta18780 tea. a hug in a cup. 
insta18781 cuddling with my new buddy...he's playing with my hair :smiling_face: 
insta18782 :musical_notes: 
insta18783 my shirt says "célfie" so naturally i had to take a selfie. 
insta18784 :heart_with_arrow: night 
insta18785 polar bear 
insta18788 thug life. 
insta18789 :open_hands: 
insta18790 oh hey, i found trav lol 
insta18791 20 did him well! he grewwwww! happy birthday !!! 
insta18792 happy birthday to my amazingly tiny big sis !!! love you big time! :purple_heart::growing_heart: 
insta18793 buddy 
insta18794 :victory_hand: 
insta18795 lol... one of my fav 's 
insta18796 the little angel :baby_angel: 
insta18798 :snake: 
insta18800 baby say you'll remember 
insta18801 ....i said "act cool" guys.... 
insta18802 :victory_hand::kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18803 it's his birthday!!! woohoo! love you boooo 
insta18804 familia 
insta18805 my cape :kiss_mark: 
insta18806 the goblet of fire is reeal 
insta18807 gotta keep sister close. :women_holding_hands::red_heart: 
insta18808 believe in yourself, beautiful people! 
insta18809 buddies :face_savoring_food: photo by: 
insta18810 just me and my coconut :yellow_heart: 
insta18811 my best friend, soulmate, and... just happens to be my sister :red_heart: 
insta18812 our little dysfunctional family 
insta18814 :milky_way::gem_stone::milky_way: 
insta18815 knocked out in the fiercest way 
insta18816 :yellow_heart::green_heart: 
insta18817 4th bowl today :thumbs_up: 
insta18818 far from home 
insta18819 :purple_heart: i love them 
insta18820 looking for the dinosaurs 
insta18821 got some time to kill. quick little read 
insta18822 so fluorescent under these lights 
insta18824 more kid? 
insta18825 sunday not so funday :face_with_medical_mask: 
insta18826 play time with kitty 
insta18827 if you're a bird, i'm a bird. :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::front-facing_baby_chick: does em' niicceee! :raised_hand: 
insta18828 check out tonight at 10/9c on e! 
insta18829 it's the new thing. cinnamon roll waffles made by yours truly 
insta18830 secret project 
insta18831 a very happy birthday to my amazing big brother love you so much, stud! :red_heart: 
insta18832 day out with ld :hundred_points: 
insta18833 casual day 
insta18834 morning! just going to hang out in alllll day! ... thank you for my little gifts :smiling_face::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18835 xmas eve party 2006 too hot to handle 
insta18836 tisci girls and the boss himself, ! uk cover :collision::woman_dancing: 
insta18837 being at robs house and seeing some really appropriate reading material... the second ones about a cat right? 
insta18838 sir yes sir :flexed_biceps: 
insta18839 :sun_with_face: 
insta18840 getchur lil hair follicles in here 
insta18841 :ogre: 
insta18842 hustlin' 
insta18843 now dad, i know you told me never to get on the back of a motorcycle with someone, but a vespa's ok right? :face_savoring_food: 
insta18844 honey, i'm home 
insta18845 it's not everyday you get to shop around a chanel supermarket. or walk down their runway 
insta18846 backstage at messing with as she gets her favorite thing done! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta18847 lifetime supply please? 
insta18848 styled by me and :victory_hand::OK_hand::thumbs_up: 
insta18849 i miss you, little devil :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18850 thank you ! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18851 tonight walking 
insta18852 backstage 
insta18854 this is my fork and knife. it's going to be a rough dinner 
insta18855 today's whip :France::victory_hand: 
insta18856 oh hey! 
insta18857 us tonight ...or should i say this whole trip? :face_with_open_mouth::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta18858 when in france, you walk into a room and someone draws you 
insta18859 madness 
insta18860 can't sleep so i just wanted to give all the ladies out there some advice :winking_face::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::oncoming_fist: 
insta18861 and don't you forget it! 
insta18862 i love this city. 
insta18863 it's a family affair. 
insta18864 mo' toyz mo' problemz :hundred_points: 
insta18865 chilled out on my leg 
insta18866 this is muffin. 
insta18867 love 
insta18868 fierce? :person_tipping_hand::person_gesturing_OK: 
insta18869 just livin babyyy :thumbs_up::hundred_points::double_exclamation_mark: 
insta18870 mommy's home! :sparkling_heart::dog_face: 
insta18871 last night with wearing 
insta18872 clara and i bonded :rabbit_face: 
insta18873 today was a good day! sitting next to the incredible anna wintour 
insta18874 took over instagram! 
insta18875 summer tests nyc 
insta18876 p.i.m.p. coat! shooting yesterday with 
insta18877 :folded_hands::crown::folded_hands: make them count! 
insta18878 selfieeeee :victory_hand::victory_hand: 
insta18879 missing this sunshine back at home! 
insta18880 // shot by the amazing and 
insta18883 when all captions fail...emoji :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::collision::person_tipping_hand::hundred_points::OK_hand: 
insta18884 last night launch with 
insta18885 kickin' it with today … 
insta18886 so excited to announce that kylie and i have been working on a new shoe and handbag collab with for madden girl! it will be available at soon! 
insta18887 so many great looks on set today! 
insta18888 so soon! get ready for our spring collection to hit this friday, 2/7. 
insta18889 french toast topped with warm caramel and rice krispies ... heaven 
insta18890 good to hang! 
insta18891 :guard: 
insta18893 good morning snowy nyc 
insta18894 ladies is pimps too! :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18895 i agree audrey! 
insta18896 :vertical_traffic_light::oncoming_taxi: 
insta18897 we are the invisibles. :fireworks: 
insta18898 was trying to show you guys how cold it is but you can't see my breath so now it just looks like i'm eating the dumpster... 
insta18899 ...you'll never understand :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta18900 :new_moon::full_moon: 
insta18901 couldn't have said it better myself 
insta18902 couldn't live without my baddie little sis :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18903 we're blue....da ba dee da ba die? 
insta18904 hi scoob 
insta18905 my zone 
insta18906 me and khlomoney back in the day 
insta18907 don't worry, it ain't real people. creds to: :face_savoring_food: 
insta18908 last night supporting my big bro's charity! follow him... correction ** 
insta18909 morning peeps! 
insta18910 girls day turns into a girls night :bomb::oncoming_fist::anger_symbol: 
insta18911 how is it mid-winter?! i love la :water_wave::sun: 
insta18913 can not believe season 9 is premiering tonight! i mean look at how little i was when this wild ride started! tune in tonight on e! 
insta18914 goodnight inglewood :crescent_moon::star: 
insta18915 so excited to announce that our new spring collection is hitting feb. 7th! 
insta18916 winter in la :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta18917 skyscraper :milky_way: we are one. 
insta18918 what are you grateful for? join me in of the challenge www.innerbeautychallenge.com 
insta18919 sister power :hundred_points: 
insta18920 ride around on our glam's back like prince in the club 
insta18921 perfect day 
insta18922 lol in a meeting :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta18923 don't let that smile fool you... 
insta18924 happy birthday twisty balls! ... they grow up so fast 
insta18925 barging in on kim's booty selfie :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta18926 just wrapped with the hilarious joan rivers and of course the amazing and 
insta18927 morning! loving my little yellow sweater :yellow_heart: 
insta18928 :sleeping_face: 
insta18929 :smiling_face::red_heart: 
insta18931 yes please. :folded_hands: 
insta18932 it's a new year! haaayyy! 
insta18933 last sunset of 2013 and it's a beaut! 
insta18934 princess party :crown: 
insta18935 sister :women_holding_hands: 
insta18936 :tropical_fish: 
insta18937 a great* one! 
insta18938 80 degrees in malibu...what's winter? 
insta18939 the photo booth was a big hit last night :camera: 
insta18940 christmas morning onesies this year. how jolly do we look?! 
insta18941 work! 
insta18942 my ladies! :red_heart::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18943 christmas time makes me feel happy 
insta18944 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: annual christmas eve party 
insta18945 thank you to the la children's hospital for allowing us to visit today. :red_heart: 
insta18946 omg. 's new babies. i just can't handle it! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta18947 morning hike 
insta18948 i whip my hair... 
insta18949 bundled up :smiling_face: 
insta18950 :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta18951 k gang! don't worry kylie, we have one for you too. 
insta18952 how romantical... i love my baby sister! 
insta18953 coming home to this... not too shabby :Christmas_tree: 
insta18954 good morning london 
insta18955 hey ben! 
insta18956 happy birthday to my handsome little nephew!!! i love you buddy! :face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss::face_blowing_a_kiss: can't believe he's 4 already! 
insta18957 :flexed_biceps: 
insta18959 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18960 behind the scenes at the family christmas card shoot with :revolving_hearts: 
insta18961 ummm ya, you're a few weeks off nik.... :green_heart: 
insta18962 had fun today doing "deal with it" with 
insta18963 boss ass bitch, bitch, bitch... 
insta18965 pure talent 
insta18966 incognito 
insta18967 smooches :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18969 can you tell how tired i am?! time to wake up kenyaaaa 
insta18970 so much fun with my :red_heart: last night 
insta18971 once again, the queen blows me away! 
insta18972 b, i'm comin for you :microphone: 
insta18973 rise and shine 
insta18974 there's literally no angle or filter that makes this car look bad 
insta18975 morning! check out the christmas special tonight on e! 
insta18976 versace is helping me feel better :hot_beverage: 
insta18977 tis the season :light_bulb: 
insta18978 :poultry_leg::meat_on_bone: 
insta18979 yesss 
insta18980 took p for a little ride this morning :horse_face: 
insta18981 my babies love me :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta18982 love this! 
insta18983 baby sis :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta18984 seriously tho! took us about 15 minutes to get this pic! lol ... newest member of the fam :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta18985 amazing 
insta18986 i was starring at can't you tell i'm in love with her? 
insta18987 yesterday's ama's look... thank you 
insta18988 duh 
insta18990 my little baby model :blue_heart: 
insta18991 love yuh !! :folded_hands: 
insta18992 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta18993 night out in nyc in my fluffy sweater 
insta18994 glam 
insta18995 :person_pouting::sparkler: 
insta18996 :folded_hands: 
insta18997 pondering... 
insta18998 my favs! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19000 fun on set 
insta19002 all those times we looked up at the sky... 
insta19003 alll white everything 
insta19004 shoes... 
insta19005 brought the fun :OK_hand: 
insta19006 thanks to everyone who came to our meet and greet today! hope you guys enjoy our winter collection :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19007 sitting in my closet wondering what i should wear tomorrow for the in-store appearance at the glendale galleria ... hmmmm :smirking_face: 
insta19008 tired little baby 
insta19009 family :red_heart: 
insta19010 :two_hearts: 
insta19011 my loveeeee :two_hearts: 
insta19012 having too much fun with 
insta19013 my dance partner tonight :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta19014 spontaneous dance party at the jenners! come one come all :party_popper: 
insta19015 happy birthday mom!!! you're the best mom/ momager ever and i wish you the best birthday! :red_heart: you deserve it! love you foreverrrr 
insta19016 vintage alexander mcqueen 
insta19017 :victory_hand::girl::girl::victory_hand: 
insta19018 it's so prettyyy! i don't even want to eat it :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19019 :party_popper::cat_face::collision::balloon: 
insta19020 birthday dinner :see-no-evil_monkey: 
insta19021 my shirley temple has a mind of it's own 
insta19022 they're too cute! :party_popper::party_popper: 
insta19024 :palm_tree::palm_tree: 
insta19025 early morning photoshoot 
insta19026 :cat_face::cat_face::cat_face: 
insta19027 she loves her halloween costume :smiling_face: 
insta19028 happy halloween! me and mj as witches :jack-o-lantern::yellow_heart: 
insta19029 collage numbaa 2 ... fun birthday celebration :roller_coaster::chequered_flag: 
insta19030 collage number 1 :party_popper::roller_coaster: 
insta19031 goodnight :purple_heart: 
insta19032 all to ourselves :OK_hand: 
insta19033 sweet tarts :candy: 
insta19034 happy birthday to the greatest man i know, my amazing daddy! through everything you never fail to call me and reassure me that everything will be ok. you make everything better :) i love you dad 
insta19036 she's a model 
insta19037 :folded_hands::folded_hands: 
insta19038 she's sleepy :smiling_face: 
insta19039 hollywood glam 
insta19040 a little preview from our holiday shoot with 
insta19041 exhausted 
insta19043 ain't worried bout nothin 
insta19044 lol me and 's reaction to kim's engagement! so beautiful 
insta19045 blu came to school :blue_heart: 
insta19046 happy early birthday to me!!! my new little princess! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: thank you you're the greatest 
insta19047 :purple_heart::blue_heart::green_heart: 
insta19049 :high_voltage: 
insta19050 got my sissy by my side :women_holding_hands: 
insta19051 wishing my big sister a very happy birthday today! i hope you have a great day kimmie! i love you with all my :red_heart: 
insta19052 official :hundred_points::check_mark: 
insta19053 oh hey everybody 
insta19054 oooo emm geee! i love my daddy! :blue_heart: 
insta19055 yes 
insta19056 roommates and best friends :smiling_face: 
insta19058 i match my house 
insta19059 good morning and happy birthday to my amazing amazing manager number two!!! this woman has done so much for me! thank you liz for everything and being like my, hmmm, lemme seeeee...fifth mommy! you're the best and truly deserve a fantastic day! :) xoxo 
insta19060 this head piece was no joke! 
insta19061 and i just went in 
insta19062 good evening little dumplings 
insta19063 had so much fun since i became a nomad with my friends at www.nomadtwoworlds.com . hit the site to be a nomad with me! 
insta19064 and all at once, summer collapsed into fall. 
insta19065 peekaboo 
insta19066 i do, i do :smiling_face: 
insta19067 tell me about it! 
insta19068 teen vogue a few years ago 
insta19069 adore you 
insta19070 da little guy was holding my hand :smiling_face::monkey: 
insta19071 :see-no-evil_monkey::speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta19072 couldn't have said it better myself 
insta19073 and i are bored! sharpie tat! :skull: 
insta19074 :OK_hand::OK_hand: 
insta19075 tune in tonight on e! babbyy 
insta19076 hello beautiful :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19077 traffic 
insta19078 i just had so much candy and pizza! 
insta19079 last major crop top before the cool weather comes back 
insta19080 she was modeling for me :smirking_face: 
insta19081 it's october, why not make my nail pic a little creepy?! :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta19082 spring/summer 2012 
insta19083 sister! 
insta19084 ooo kill em 
insta19085 reminiscing on this day in greece! :fish: documenting 
insta19086 morning 
insta19087 self explanatory 
insta19089 mini black dress 
insta19090 fireworks anyone? 
insta19091 kylie and i are loving the new vs zombies! who's playing? so fun! they have a super cool pvz2 kit to giveaway for my fans! all you have to do is like, comment, or share to win. they'll pick a winner in a few days! 
insta19092 gooddd morninn :face_savoring_food: 
insta19094 snap 
insta19095 too much hair is a problem 
insta19096 bobbb :grinning_face: 
insta19097 good morning! to shooting in australia with 
insta19098 :sleeping_face::ZZZ: 
insta19099 squad, ready! 
insta19101 four sisters :red_heart: 
insta19102 don't hate! 
insta19103 :slot_machine: 
insta19104 *whispers* "god bless you" in my ear 
insta19105 lunch with my new bestie love her :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19106 happy birthday jules! have a good one baby girl 
insta19107 she's always giving me kisses :smiling_face: 
insta19108 home away from home 
insta19110 amazing 
insta19111 :kiss_mark::kiss_mark::kiss_mark: 
insta19112 the light and the dark :person_gesturing_OK: 
insta19113 go-sees 
insta19114 majestic 
insta19115 noooo boooo 
insta19116 more from :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19117 nyc. fun night! photography 
insta19118 stomping grapes a few days ago at this incredible house! 
insta19119 straight coastin' with kylie. love this shot from our back-to-school shoot! 
insta19121 :bikini: 
insta19122 i'm a caattt, i'm a sneaky lil caatt :cat_face: 
insta19123 9/11 never forget 
insta19124 almost ovo but hey i'm nvo 
insta19125 sunset drivin down the freeway 
insta19126 daydreamin, with my chin in the palm of my hands :woman: 
insta19127 :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta19128 ummm yes 
insta19129 action shot! khloemoney workin on that booty 
insta19130 khlomoney and kenya gettin it in in the gym, stunna style 
insta19132 braids! braids! braidssss! :person_gesturing_OK::person_pouting::person_tipping_hand: 
insta19133 daddy was a ballaaa 
insta19134 lil minis! 
insta19137 my bad bitch :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19138 always keep in bright and colorful when i workout :face_with_tongue: 
insta19139 omgggg i miss you already! :loudly_crying_face: love you! :purple_heart::blue_heart: magic mountain soon! 
insta19140 hiii :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta19141 senior year...i'm gunna miss all my classmates... 
insta19142 pathetic 
insta19143 chillin with my favorite :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19144 :kiss_mark::lipstick: 
insta19145 fave top from the holiday collection 
insta19146 shooting out holiday collection! sneak peek! 
insta19147 first pic of my new little niece! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19148 :water_wave: 
insta19149 :shower: 
insta19150 tune in today to see kylie and i on my mommys show! 
insta19151 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19152 don't you just love our kalifornia top from pacsun?! :grinning_face: 
insta19153 ice ice baby! 
insta19154 oh loveee :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta19155 you too mr. box! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19156 da girls! :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta19157 my main :lollipop: 
insta19158 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta19159 drake and big sean, surprise ky! :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta19160 key's sweet 16! 
insta19161 love this light in 's house :light_bulb: 
insta19162 nyc 
insta19163 to me and my buddy at the horse shows way back when 
insta19164 robe chillin like whatevaa :nail_polish: 
insta19165 we shall name you, snow white :pig_face: 
insta19166 happy birthday to my crazy, beautiful, wild little sister !! can't believe you're turning 16! i love you and don't know what i would do without you! have an amazing day! lets party! 
insta19167 home 
insta19168 clique 
insta19169 campfire glow 
insta19170 dinosaur rides :dragon_face: 
insta19171 rockin our little shorty shorts in this heat! k&kcollection 
insta19172 it's too good 
insta19173 louis, louis, louis :smiling_face_with_sunglasses::airplane: 
insta19174 dallas we're ready for you! 
insta19175 essentials 
insta19176 goob is so pwetty :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19177 :ferris_wheel: 
insta19178 we ain't got no worries :OK_hand::waving_hand: 
insta19179 :angry_face::angry_face::angry_face: 
insta19180 :evergreen_tree::evergreen_tree::evergreen_tree: 
insta19181 lunch time 
insta19182 away from it all 
insta19183 they're bootifulll! 
insta19184 i spy meee 
insta19185 :squinting_face_with_tongue: foreva and evaaaa 
insta19186 we're back! 
insta19187 check out my lil tush and more in the behind the scenes vid for :bikini: 
insta19188 noises i play within my head 
insta19189 :cross_mark::hollow_red_circle::cross_mark::hollow_red_circle: 
insta19190 i swear she likes me :women_holding_hands: 
insta19191 he loves me! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19192 this is love 
insta19193 oh hi !!! up close and personal 
insta19194 is there anyone out there not using ?? just busted on anotherrr tinder break lol :squinting_face_with_tongue::heart_with_arrow: 
insta19195 hi my name is kendall, and i am a mango and sticky rice addict. 
insta19196 lol baby! :pig_face: 
insta19197 getting my tan on :sun: 
insta19198 super low key 
insta19199 behind the scenes with at our shoot with a few years ago :camera: 
insta19200 happy birthday to my one and only, my sissy forever !!! love you, pretty!! have a beautiful day! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::purple_heart: 
insta19201 my longgg neck :squinting_face_with_tongue: sharpie tat by 
insta19202 they're free, i had to! 7/11 
insta19203 gotta get back to this workout grind :flexed_biceps: 
insta19204 layering it up in the bralette from our summer collection! 
insta19205 keek selfies :person_tipping_hand: 
insta19206 blind 
insta19207 :alien: 
insta19208 love em :United_States: 
insta19209 look guys, it's the new hovering bentley! 
insta19210 amazing pics 
insta19211 happy place 
insta19212 :rose: 
insta19213 best seats in the house 
insta19214 hello la 
insta19215 nyc to la :airplane: sooo happy to be home! 
insta19216 love my girl 
insta19217 photography 
insta19218 happy birthday to my beautiful big sissy !!! you're the most caring and loving person i know! i love you so so much! woohoo birthday! :party_popper::growing_heart: 
insta19219 last one i'm posting for now :squinting_face_with_tongue: inside kurv mag! again is amaz! 
insta19220 inside kurv mag 
insta19221 inside kurv mag! shot by the amazing 
insta19222 cali i miss you! 
insta19223 made me smile, so i thought i'd share it with you guys. :smiling_face: 
insta19224 gooood mornin! enjoy your day, smile. life is short :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19225 crack pie and cereal milk...best thing. knows the best places :thumbs_up: 
insta19226 chloé 
insta19227 kinky :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta19228 madness :vertical_traffic_light::oncoming_taxi: 
insta19229 the things makes me go to :skull: 
insta19230 french toast w/ caramel apples and a yogurt parfait 
insta19231 amazing shots by greg kadel! thank you. inspired by your project www.lonesignal.com 
insta19232 grand central station 
insta19233 "good lord" as would say. 
insta19234 some un-retouched shots from today's shoot with styling by 
insta19236 un-retouched 
insta19237 :sunset: 
insta19238 peek at the new romper that’s set to hit our summer collection on 6/22 
insta19240 the 
insta19241 bev hills car show :thumbs_up: 
insta19242 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta19243 most beautiful car i've ever seen 
insta19244 happy father's day daddy! i love you with all my heart :red_heart::smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19245 miss this lil guy! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19246 just wrapped a shoot with at :skull: 
insta19247 yesterday's look. :kiss_mark: 
insta19248 photoshoot with today! first sneak peek of me and kylie's new jewelry line exclusively sold in what do you think of our friendship necklaces?! i love! 
insta19249 :shaved_ice: 
insta19250 i mean, do we have enough cars? 
insta19251 :baby_angel::grinning_face_with_big_eyes::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19252 gloomy day of paddling with mah girl 
insta19253 page in the new york times 
insta19254 remember this? 
insta19255 so comfy 
insta19256 to my outfit on our media tour in nyc 
insta19257 so girly :flushed_face: 
insta19258 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta19259 photoshoot :OK_hand: 
insta19260 :face_savoring_food::cherry_blossom: 
insta19261 baby blue :baby_angel: 
insta19262 long day of fun 
insta19263 shot from :face_savoring_food: 
insta19264 mysterious :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19265 the tallest. alaia does it best! thanks ye! :thumbs_up: 
insta19266 bbq oysters ... first time trying em! :face_screaming_in_fear: by chef 
insta19267 da beach! :sun: 
insta19268 dinner date with 
insta19269 random throwback. me and sister! 
insta19270 don't bug meee, i'm tired! :squinting_face_with_tongue::kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19271 needed a little change. went a bit lighter with my hair :person_gesturing_OK: can yuh tell? 
insta19272 i lick chanel! yummyy :face_savoring_food: :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: can i keep it mom!? 
insta19273 wyoming 2011 
insta19274 matte gweenn 
insta19276 yummm 
insta19277 homemade slip n slide with mah girlll :dog_face: 
insta19278 damn, just what i needed! :face_with_tongue: 
insta19279 get out my faceee! :see-no-evil_monkey: :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19280 i need him. :weary_face: 
insta19281 in greece when i was getting my fishy pedicure with :grinning_squinting_face::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19282 mah lil sissy :women_holding_hands: 
insta19283 pink polkadot bikinis and roller skates :bikini: 
insta19284 family pool day! :sun_with_face: 
insta19285 happy mothers day momma! :red_heart: love you 
insta19286 lol surprise! dennis rodman everybody 
insta19287 finishing the day off with some interviews. what a longgg dayy 
insta19288 come visit! 3rd street promenade 
insta19289 we're coming for ya 3rd street promenade! wearing new our collection. 
insta19290 my sista is home from college for gooodddd! so excited i get my fwiend back... eee! 
insta19291 lunch time with :fork_and_knife: 
insta19292 me and creepy lookin in the background 
insta19293 home school lunch > 
insta19294 how could you say no to disss faceee! 
insta19295 i can pretend that it don't matter but i'll be sitting here lying to myself some say love ain't worth the buck but i'll give every dime i have left to have what i've only been dreaming about....gooddnighttt :squinting_face_with_tongue::victory_hand: 
insta19296 i'm a unicorn. 
insta19297 messin around with babyy 
insta19298 2 little :waving_hand: 
insta19299 :palm_tree: 
insta19300 dad came to visit me on set in his lil toy 
insta19301 perfect day for a shoot by the beach! behind the scenes! shooting for 
insta19302 my tummy is happy :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19303 i love this :yellow_heart: 
insta19304 just what i needed 
insta19305 good morning and goodbye! till next time! :waving_hand: 
insta19306 nice last day in greece! :person_swimming: 
insta19307 pretty little things 
insta19308 aww :blue_heart: 
insta19309 meet brandy! loll :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19310 this place is just too beautiful. gooddd times :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19311 we on a boat! 
insta19312 dinner with a view! 
insta19313 donkey's comin through! 
insta19314 yummy greek yogurt! 
insta19315 bang bang 
insta19316 horsey riding in greece 
insta19317 feels like a dream i'm in! 
insta19318 nothing like fresh eggs in the morning 
insta19319 mellow moods got me, darlin :cherry_blossom: 
insta19320 bye bye boatie friend! :sleeping_face: 
insta19321 had such a fun day in paradise! :face_savoring_food: 
insta19322 a greek sunset 
insta19323 ahhhh i'm lucky! this place is incredible 
insta19324 this is bliss man! dee dee deeeee 
insta19325 good morning to me! goodnight to all my friends at home 
insta19326 lol me and "my bitch" :squinting_face_with_tongue:...such a sweet man tho, seriously! 
insta19327 i'm in heaven! 
insta19328 :victory_hand: 
insta19329 miss my god sis! :two_hearts: 
insta19330 goodnight world :victory_hand: 
insta19331 with some great people tonight! and more 
insta19332 ... 's favorite duo! me and daddy :growing_heart: 
insta19333 tonight's outfit for tonight's festivities! shout out to for letting me borrow her lil dress :smiling_face: 
insta19334 more from kurv magazine! 
insta19335 cold & gloomy day. hot coco just hit the spot :hot_beverage: 
insta19336 yolo man! :OK_hand: 
insta19337 little dinner date with :face_savoring_food: mini corn dogs :bomb: 
insta19338 these remind me of you guys!!! miss you! 
insta19339 half selfie :face_without_mouth: 
insta19340 happy 22nd anniversary mom and dad! :red_heart: love you guys! (bottom pic lol :face_with_tears_of_joy:) 
insta19341 got chills when i saw this pic of me by in !!! 30 pages of mee! wooowwww...the mag is out in australia now! (in usa soon!) :grinning_face_with_big_eyes::grinning_face_with_big_eyes::grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta19342 breakfast date with daddy 
insta19343 forgot about this pic! lol back at riri, a little dance for moi on his bday :squinting_face_with_tongue: we're having a hard time happy bday buddy! 
insta19344 kourt's little birthday fiesta :party_popper: 
insta19345 cake! cake! cake! :clapping_hands: 
insta19346 not even my whole fam! 
insta19347 morning friends :sparkles: 
insta19348 happy birthday to my big (little) sister i love you soooo much! you're the best mommy/ sister in the whole worldd :smiling_face: don't know what i'd do without you :blue_heart: 
insta19349 outfit of the dayy y'all :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19350 cute shot of me and :sparkles: 
insta19351 my bro and his wifey are so amazing! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: check out their new ep brandon & leah - cronies itunes link: http://t.co/evrjmexfmj 
insta19352 in the stuuuu 
insta19353 holla at a hoe (caption created by the beautiful 
insta19354 :ribbon: 
insta19355 bang bang :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19356 been on this planet a good 17 years and this shit still amazes me. :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19357 the hills are alive! 
insta19358 such a beautiful day. and :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19359 seriously, some incredible work i saw today in 's exhibit at in la! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19360 all black erryythang. new 
insta19361 in australia shooting with all covered in mud on my birthday :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19362 love my lil sis...most of the time :) 
insta19363 :collision: 
insta19364 none of 's hand-me-downs ever fit me right lol 
insta19365 sup? 
insta19366 it was just a bid girls night! 
insta19367 we're like diamonds in da skyyy :milky_way: 
insta19368 friendly sistasssss 
insta19369 we hereeee baby :hundred_points: 
insta19370 turn :index_pointing_up: 
insta19371 aww, stopp :worried_face::red_heart: 
insta19372 a little matte black never hurt nobody 
insta19373 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19374 my sweetheart :two_hearts: 
insta19375 good ol days with 
insta19376 christmas eve partayyyy :party_popper: 
insta19377 :milky_way: 
insta19378 some of my fav shots from my shoot for cosmopolitan :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19379 go check out my behind the scenes video for harpers bazaar arabia http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n9dwrvvwwlw&feature=plcp 
insta19380 my new favorite place in la :alien: 
insta19381 :rabbit_face: 
insta19382 like father like son. mase's little baby loafers 
insta19383 how does one get this handsome?! 
insta19384 oh myy ci 
insta19385 night out with this freak 
insta19386 trip to china for the day :winking_face: late lunch in the pagoda 
insta19387 yikes, spikes! :sparkles: 
insta19388 dominican republic. dem tan/sunburnt days :enraged_face::grinning_squinting_face: 
insta19389 soo many puppiesss :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: my kinda night 
insta19390 me and gettin our groove on at the shoot :people_with_bunny_ears: 
insta19391 my gumdrop! 
insta19392 pretty day on our shoot with pacsun for our summer collection! :growing_heart: 
insta19393 doin what i luhhh :thumbs_up: more from :grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes::blue_heart: 
insta19394 bored aff in school waiting for kylie to be done! :squinting_face_with_tongue::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::grinning_squinting_face: 
insta19395 amazing shot from my shoot with the incredible john russo. 
insta19396 wut? 
insta19397 dirty in my own shit 
insta19399 time to get dirty :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19400 sista sista :ribbon: 
insta19401 love & pain :smiling_face_with_horns: 
insta19402 :sunflower::sun_with_face: 
insta19403 i no spy :see-no-evil_monkey: :women_holding_hands: 
insta19404 aww me and were so cute and fashionable :smiling_face: 
insta19405 back in :lollipop: 
insta19406 lala good morning 
insta19407 add your spin to my favorite trend right now, denim shorts! upload your best diy project and tag and and win a head to toe look from our upcoming summer collection. 
insta19408 pink and sparkly nails :nail_polish: and my long ass fingers :waving_hand: 
insta19409 a very happy birthday to my big brother !!! he's my bestest friend! understands me completely. could never ask for anyone different! by far the funniest and weirdest person i know and i love him for that! oh and happy st. patricks day! :four_leaf_clover: 
insta19410 pool day with the munchkin :dog_face: 
insta19411 major headache but its ok cuz i'm cuddled up in my sea of blankets and pillows :sleeping_face: 
insta19412 ! 
insta19413 fell asleep in my arms :smiling_face: 
insta19414 winter time? nahh :bikini: 
insta19415 morninggg :blue_heart: 
insta19416 and lamar's new baby! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: weeee 
insta19417 my favorite spot at my house 
insta19418 my new keychain couldn't be any cuter! :relieved_face: 
insta19419 lovely dinner date with my new girlfriend and da famm :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19420 pic from :sun_with_face: 
insta19421 you guys... :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19422 i wish my mom would let me take this beautiful little snow ball home!!!!! i'm in love!!!! :pensive_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19423 lovely khloe, lovely. 
insta19424 in dr having fun with the dr girlies lol :winking_face_with_tongue: :thumbs_up: 
insta19425 me and my daddy were matching tonight :smiling_face: 
insta19426 my teacher is the biggest nerd! even her computer and phone are books :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19427 morning :sun_behind_cloud: 
insta19428 rockin my own shieett :victory_hand: 
insta19429 at an amazing photoshoot for harper's bazaar .... shooting the cover and an inside spread! so so excited! 
insta19430 behind the scenes 
insta19431 i've always hated the noisy paparazzi lol 
insta19432 bubbly :person_pouting: 
insta19433 these chicks :two_hearts::camera: > 
insta19434 fun in the sun with my tan friend 
insta19435 50's look today unreleased color 
insta19436 our little hair & makeup trailer today :person_gesturing_OK: 
insta19437 ..."bitch please :unamused_face:" 
insta19438 beard gang :hundred_points: 
insta19439 at dinner wit demm. being shy :face_with_open_mouth: 
insta19440 :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19441 bling blang :eyes: 
insta19442 beautiful day today. flying kites with my brothers and sistaa from anotha mista .... 
insta19443 's truck > :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19444 canyon crew :OK_hand: :flexed_biceps: 
insta19445 shmoop, i love her 
insta19446 baby kylie and i with uncle robert. happy birthday big man! we all miss you, but know you're hanging out up there with all the angels! 
insta19447 ...haters :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19448 it's nothin without you 
insta19449 daddyy 
insta19450 xoxo :purple_heart: 
insta19451 save me 
insta19452 thank you for the amazing sharpie tat! i loveeeee :skull::skull::skull: you're amaz! 
insta19453 he's dreaming about rainbows and butterflies....and treats :smiling_face: :thought_balloon: 
insta19454 gettin phat 
insta19455 kichesss :red_heart: 
insta19456 a rose for me and a rose for you 
insta19457 this kid.... saying, raise it up kenya! :rocket: 
insta19458 he is undoubtably my valentine :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19459 hi. peace fishy friends 
insta19460 happy valentimmes day :kiss_mark: 
insta19461 love :sparkling_heart: 
insta19462 time for a classic ... where you at? 
insta19463 happy birthday !!! i love you so much but threw in some pics from the day kylie and i hated you :winking_face: but im so glad we got to meet you that day, it wouldn't be the same without yuh! :purple_heart: have a good one sissy :party_popper:*since 2008* 
insta19464 out n' about :raised_hand: 
insta19465 a bit more hardcore today 
insta19466 yup, i'm dead 
insta19467 all snuggled up and ready to take off....finally! been sitting on this plane for 2 hours! :eyes: 
insta19468 :red_heart::rose: 
insta19469 times 3 
insta19470 new york city after a good snow storm 
insta19471 :skull: 
insta19472 red dress fashion show 
insta19473 feelin myself in interviews today :smirking_face: 
insta19474 flyin around aussie with da homies 
insta19475 earlier...slicked back hair. :person_getting_massage: 
insta19476 getting ready for the show tonight :woman_dancing: 
insta19477 colorful new york 
insta19478 aw :smiling_face: 
insta19479 pour it up, pour it up. 
insta19480 let the work begin! hello nyc :school::office_building: 
insta19481 sup. 
insta19482 's neon sneakas 
insta19483 no, no sickness, you are not welcome! :face_with_medical_mask: 
insta19484 this pizza looks :bomb: 
insta19485 learnin 
insta19486 shot with the amazing today 
insta19487 favorite outfit of the day right here kids 
insta19488 me towering over preg in the dr. face design by :winking_face: 
insta19489 hello :waving_hand: good morning ocean! 
insta19490 top down screamin out money ain't a thangg 
insta19491 she's been staring at me like this for the past 5 minutes. no babe! i can't play right now, i'm doing my homework :disappointed_face: 
insta19492 yup 
insta19493 a bit early but starting to get ready for summer! :sun_with_face: :bikini: 
insta19494 there is no space for use in the fridge 
insta19496 kendall and kylie collection and mah milkshake 
insta19497 ready for the long drive. pillows and blankets 
insta19498 perfect person 
insta19499 yessir :ogre: 
insta19500 tis... 
insta19501 hi sun! :sun_with_face::waving_hand: 
insta19502 i miss my little boy :pensive_face: louis 
insta19503 life is short, play with your dog. 
insta19504 come to me 
insta19505 her céline is mean! 
insta19506 dinner time with .... the hoodlum up front 
insta19507 hawaii...take me back! :cherry_blossom::hibiscus: 
insta19509 got my comfy pants on and up :footprints::index_pointing_up: 
insta19510 prettiest hands in the fam duh :ring: 
insta19511 whatchu twerkin wiiit? :smirking_face: 
insta19512 my fluffy friends 
insta19513 :sun_with_face::first_quarter_moon_face: 
insta19514 just shot with for april issue thanks for having us -learned so much! 
insta19515 playing with little christian :smirking_face: he loves me. seriously. 
insta19516 correction, he's "our* bitch" 
insta19517 you don't usually see the crew! 
insta19518 beginning another day of being painted! :thumbs_up: 
insta19519 i make "my bitch" carry me to my car when i don't have shoes on 
insta19520 i'm cracking :skull: 
insta19521 oh good morning liz! headed to a photoshoot :camera: 
insta19522 i love it when 8 police officers show up at my door and 10 cop cars are outside my house. just another casual friday evening at the jenner household. 
insta19523 ah..drove from burbank to malibu just for the beach and some food. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19524 another to me pretending like i'm not totally scared of this cranky bird 
insta19525 to summer and being tannnn :sun_with_face: 
insta19526 cuz she a fashion killa :skull: :musical_notes: 
insta19527 no kendall, no. you don't need. :speak-no-evil_monkey: 
insta19528 love this behind the scenes pic of kylie and i from our shoot by harper smith. get the latest updates on our collab by signing up at pacsun.com/kendall&kylie 
insta19529 dirty girl 
insta19530 i want summer back so i can lay by this pool again! :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19531 comin home, captain spark up top 
insta19532 frozen lake, beautiful morning! :snowflake: 
insta19533 xmas eve! 
insta19534 pwettyy :sunrise_over_mountains: 
insta19535 puppies!! :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19536 baby girl's getting old and gray :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19537 deuces! :kissing_face: 
insta19538 just before he attacked me! :face_with_open_mouth::basketball: 
insta19539 tonight's shoe game in the green loubs, me in my new alaia's 
insta19540 fourth of july 2011 
insta19541 tiff gave us a recess break today :thumbs_up: 
insta19542 he touched the butttt 
insta19543 amazing shot by from when we were in australia. 2013 is going to be the year! can not wait for what's to come. 
insta19544 we've only known each other for 20 minutes, but i think i luv yuh. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19545 rainy, lazy, kissy, shopy :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19546 :helicopter: 
insta19547 in mahh pj's at the christmas eve party with these pretty people 
insta19548 puppy slumber :face_with_tongue: 
insta19549 p likes to hold my finger :smiling_face::beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::red_heart: 
insta19550 last night with my besties 
insta19551 thow it up! thow it up! 
insta19552 and 's baby is one cute santa! 
insta19553 :Santa_Claus: 
insta19554 love my girliessss! 
insta19555 me and daddy are matching :smiling_face: mewwy christmas 
insta19556 stupid petey! get away from my car so i can leaveee 
insta19557 :skull: but she ain't even naughty :skull: 
insta19558 :smiling_face: 
insta19559 my moms xmas present... to herself lol 
insta19560 i'm a lucky lucky girl :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: :horse_face: 
insta19561 tonights xfactor attire 
insta19562 christian, my love 
insta19563 throw cares away, christmas is here bringing good cheer :grinning_face: 
insta19564 my jungle boy :kissing_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19565 fbgm 
insta19566 cloudy day in malibu 
insta19567 the fam. :folded_hands: 
insta19568 happy birthday !!! love you! can't wait to see youuuu! :red_heart: 
insta19570 dolphin love :dolphin: 
insta19571 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19572 good girls they go tahh church 
insta19573 :rocket: vegas ... see everyone soon! :waving_hand: 
insta19574 coming home to this > 
insta19575 happy birthday mase!!!! love this little guy so much!!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19576 christmas time with my daddy 
insta19578 blank 
insta19579 new cover of blank mag ... daass me! 
insta19580 always been my favorite christmas album 
insta19581 major me and mase :kissing_face: 
insta19582 jacking this candle for mahh room :face_savoring_food: 
insta19583 mhmm :ice_cream: 
insta19584 how do i have the bestest friends ever?! :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: brought me some soup 
insta19585 photo by the amazing 
insta19586 look at ussss ! :smiling_face: 
insta19587 old shot i did with 
insta19588 i spy 
insta19589 working on a new project with 
insta19590 special night at children's hospital la :Christmas_tree: 
insta19591 :crown: she got her prince :crown: 
insta19592 took my baby girl out for a spin tonight :relieved_face: 
insta19593 if you haven't already seen it, check out the behind the scenes video for my miss vogue shoot at vogue.com.au/miss+vogue :face_savoring_food: 
insta19594 :folded_hands: 
insta19595 driving dad around ... lol he hates my music and is constantly criticizing my driving :face_with_tongue: 
insta19596 donkey ridin' in dr :footprints: 
insta19597 eeee! :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: can i have you?! 
insta19598 me n mah bee :honeybee: 
insta19599 "how cute are youu!" - dad 
insta19600 school, you are not my friend :expressionless_face: 
insta19601 random unedited shot from shoot 
insta19602 soarin' with copias! :horse: 
insta19603 daaa baby! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19604 his ears may be back but ci loves me! :kissing_face: 
insta19605 one of my favorite shots from 
insta19606 cover! shot by the amazing 
insta19607 found this on tumblr ... blue eyes? i'm like !! :hushed_face: 
insta19609 hey these kids are cool 
insta19610 three amigos! missed the musketeers! 
insta19611 gold and silva rolex's 
insta19612 tats all up his arms :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19613 we mob. 2 g status! 
insta19614 i love my beautiful mj! 
insta19615 stop it. i want you! 
insta19617 surprised at xfactor! watch tonight at 8/7c 
insta19618 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19620 buddies fo life 
insta19621 :hushed_face: 
insta19622 :smiling_face_with_sunglasses: 
insta19623 goodnight :sparkles: 
insta19624 mini's !!! 
insta19625 soft sweaters and burberry boots :leaf_fluttering_in_wind::maple_leaf::fallen_leaf: 
insta19626 even moree! :light_bulb: 
insta19627 ready for christmas timee :party_popper::sparkles: 
insta19628 editing our book. 
insta19629 -bob marley :thumbs_up: 
insta19630 stas times 100 
insta19631 my father on playgirl lol :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta19632 me and lizzie! :purple_heart: 
insta19633 :man: 
insta19634 long day! cold and ready to be in my bed :face_with_tongue::sleeping_face: 
insta19635 hi mr. :camel: 
insta19636 today's prop :thumbs_up: 
insta19637 back when i was in aussie, flying from location to location. photo by :green_apple: 
insta19638 all chanel tonight :face_with_tongue::OK_hand: 
insta19639 :face_savoring_food: :snowflake::snowflake::snowflake: 
insta19641 :eyes::snowflake: 
insta19642 winta wonderland :snowflake: 
insta19643 who's that cutie? :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta19644 our babies! and :yellow_heart: 
insta19645 we have the bestest friends ever! 
insta19646 me and my favv, !! 
insta19647 obama doing some post election grocery shopping 
insta19648 grocery shopping done! :check_mark: 
insta19649 i'm home :balloon: 
insta19651 on set the other day in outback australia...workin that cloth 
insta19652 sushi twimeee :sushi: 
insta19653 ...paradise. 
insta19654 we just found the biggest rock, and landed on it 
insta19655 :waving_hand::victory_hand::oncoming_fist: 
insta19656 off to another secret location :winking_face: 
insta19657 it's muh birthday and i have dreads and i'm in australia and this is my new australia hat :smiling_face: 
insta19658 this sand... 
insta19659 thank you !!! and the trips only beginning 
insta19660 my home for the next few days 
insta19661 off to our secret location :winking_face: 
insta19662 hi there! 
insta19663 good morning australia! :koala::koala::koala: 
insta19664 sooo far from home 
insta19666 arriving in sydney earlier 
insta19667 happy halloween kids! i ain't shiett 
insta19668 day 1 
insta19669 halloween on an airplane :ghost::ghost::ghost: 
insta19670 see you later america! us :airplane: aussie! 
insta19671 just got my early birthday present from lam and koko! :face_screaming_in_fear::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::gem_stone::face_screaming_in_fear::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i'm in love!! 
insta19672 miss my girls!!! 
insta19673 best daddy in the worldddd 
insta19674 the big 6-3 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: :party_popper::balloon: 
insta19675 happy birthday dad!!! i love you so much and could not ask for a better father! you mean the world to me! love youuuuu :blue_heart: 
insta19676 dads birthday present... im such a good little gift wrapper :smiling_face: :wrapped_gift: 
insta19677 its comin along 
insta19678 my first louis v 
insta19679 pic from today! 
insta19680 a dress by keepsake 
insta19681 ld travels in style 
insta19682 right outside my room...really dad? :hear-no-evil_monkey: 
insta19683 are your balls on fire? 
insta19684 just finished an amazing photo shoot for blank magazine 
insta19685 big kitty's on set 
insta19686 the winner! 
insta19687 :jack-o-lantern::ghost: 
insta19688 cleanin up with :person_getting_massage::person_getting_haircut: 
insta19689 ...liar :disappointed_face::angry_face: 
insta19690 happy birthday !!!!!! i love you so much!!! i couldn't ask for a better big sis! come home!! i miss you :sparkling_heart::growing_heart::red_heart::revolving_hearts::heart_with_arrow: 
insta19691 my fav :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta19692 thanks edward! :winking_face: 
insta19693 def a night for some pool action 
insta19694 it's happening 
insta19695 numba 2. my favorite pics of me and my dad 
insta19696 me and my :monkey: friend 
insta19697 clipper couple :basketball::blue_heart: 
insta19698 omg it's like prom! 
insta19699 fight club :oncoming_fist::oncoming_fist::oncoming_fist: 
insta19700 :water_pistol::face_savoring_food: 
insta19701 watching harry potter with her. my foot is her pillow :smiling_face: 
insta19702 :dizzy: 
insta19703 best thing 
insta19704 ohh...don't gimme that look :smirking_face: 
insta19705 i'll take ya to the candy shop ! 
insta19706 little dreamer 
insta19707 my fav! :fallen_leaf::leaf_fluttering_in_wind::maple_leaf: 
insta19708 how i blew out my candles in 2001 :kissing_face::dashing_away::fire: 
insta19709 dressing for fall > :fallen_leaf: :leaf_fluttering_in_wind: 
insta19710 :face_savoring_food: = my fav face 
insta19711 my view from class :face_savoring_food::pencil::notebook: 
insta19712 a wise son brings joy to his father. proverbs 15:20...my fav one of uncle roberts cards to :red_heart: 
insta19713 "you smell like mcdonalds" 
insta19714 oh, so proper! 
insta19715 the guards 
insta19716 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19717 bath timee 
insta19718 don't like snakes but look how prettyyy! :dragon::snake: 
insta19719 was too much fun 
insta19720 kissessss :face_blowing_a_kiss::lipstick::kiss_mark: 
insta19722 her pose of choice :victory_hand: 
insta19723 ashley's my :speak-no-evil_monkey::hear-no-evil_monkey: 
insta19724 it's fallll :jack-o-lantern::fallen_leaf::ghost::leaf_fluttering_in_wind::smiling_face::maple_leaf: 
insta19725 i could just diiiieeeee in your armmss :smiling_face: 
insta19726 directing the show :microphone: 
insta19727 i got a secret i can keep it yeahhhh hehe 
insta19728 sistersssss 
insta19729 pic of me and wuvvvv youuuuu 
insta19730 kylie's future license plate :smiling_face::green_heart: 
insta19732 lol. just found this card made for me when i went away to camp :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19733 cuddling with harrison watching our fav girl, angie! 
insta19734 big guy! my house is bug central tonight :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta19735 hey there! 
insta19736 took j for his first swim :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19737 baywatch? :water_wave::sun: 
insta19738 presents from lamar. love you lam!!! :yellow_heart::blue_heart::green_heart::purple_heart: 
insta19739 schoolgirlq 
insta19740 the way my mom dressed us :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta19741 time to play :face_savoring_food: 
insta19742 got his own little lawn chair hehe :smiling_face: 
insta19743 :smiling_face_with_halo: 
insta19744 its been too long! all for me :grinning_face::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19745 future fashion designers :winking_face: 
insta19746 baby at one of my costume bday parties! found ya! :face_with_tongue: 
insta19747 all he does is annoy her :thumbs_up: 
insta19748 my famous rice crispy treats :grinning_face: 
insta19749 :water_wave: 
insta19750 this obviously means my mom had a party.... 
insta19752 hello gorgeous :hamburger: 
insta19753 twinnies :mobile_phone::mobile_phone: 
insta19754 setting up for the party with our new ghost friend :face_with_open_mouth::ghost: 
insta19755 lamar's pee palace 
insta19756 mickey mouse ain't got nothin on me! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta19757 like a champ :thumbs_up::syringe: 
insta19758 :sunrise: 
insta19759 watching the sunset with her 
insta19760 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19761 lol to when i was in hawaii and couldn't be there to see all my fwiends graduate :( 
insta19762 ryu opening with scott and 
insta19763 doing my homework :thumbs_up: 
insta19764 cakepops 
insta19765 hello cutie! :face_screaming_in_fear::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face: 
insta19766 :octopus: 
insta19767 mornin 
insta19769 he never gets old 
insta19770 can you say fab?! 
insta19771 hello mr. owl 
insta19772 i've got a bow on my tush :squinting_face_with_tongue::ribbon: 
insta19773 i want one!!!! 
insta19774 i miss soooooo much! 
insta19775 protectors 
insta19776 season 1 
insta19777 yummmm :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19778 lol took over 's insta :) 
insta19779 :cityscape_at_dusk: 
insta19780 jo 
insta19781 my boys are out :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19782 :baby_angel: 
insta19783 :sunflower: 
insta19784 liz is a shorty 
insta19785 i miss :loudly_crying_face: 
insta19786 today's whip. the ken mobile 
insta19787 puppies smell good :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19788 :hatching_chick: 
insta19789 ahhhh! stop it! :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::dog_face: 
insta19790 lil a! 
insta19791 hi adam! 
insta19792 convo's with are always enjoyable lol 
insta19793 "what of the dollar you murdered for, is that the one fighting for your soul. or your brothers the one that you're running from. but if you got money, fuck it, cuz i want some. 
insta19794 :blue_heart: 
insta19796 :eyes: 
insta19797 preview for tonight's show :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19798 my airport outfit earlier! looking like i'm going to the caribbean....i wish! :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19799 happy birthday !!!! love you! :party_popper::balloon::red_heart: 
insta19800 la :airplane: nyc 
insta19801 lacoste :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19802 so many me's! :smiling_face: 
insta19803 such a nice little snack made by vinny 
insta19804 always been the tallest 
insta19805 part of my spread 
insta19806 just gave puppy a bath 
insta19807 love it when my bday party is on his opening vid! :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19808 ehhh 
insta19809 takin ever slow, so slow, so slow....cuz i do it to him....well done ... aye bitch, t rawwww.... i be that girl from the weest side. and i ain't here to stress you out. i luh the way that you walk :unamused_face::relieved_face::squinting_face_with_tongue::mouse_face::monkey::elephant: 
insta19810 lol my boyyyy 
insta19811 toyss 
insta19812 hiding in the back of 's truck with my dads beebee gun to give him a little scare :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: :water_pistol: 
insta19813 back in the game 
insta19814 she had babies! and 
insta19815 :dog_face: :red_heart: 
insta19816 jackson sits at the dinner table too 
insta19817 honolulu 
insta19819 tough day at work :smirking_face: 
insta19820 jackson odom jenner everybody! :red_heart: 
insta19822 meet our new rescue pup!!! :grinning_face_with_big_eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::red_heart: 
insta19823 today's fit 
insta19824 plums :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19825 :water_pistol::bomb: 
insta19826 *whispers* "kendall, i feel like people are staring at me and i don't know why!" 
insta19827 new...bracelet ring? :skull: 
insta19828 gum anyone?! 
insta19829 baby me :smiling_face::baby::face_savoring_food: 
insta19830 just my luck. the only time i crave cinnabon, it's closed :pensive_face: 
insta19831 sweetest man. 's a lucky one. :purple_heart: 
insta19832 got me walking 'round ready to wear your big chain :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19834 at magic convention 
insta19835 ready to start my day :thumbs_up: 
insta19836 my house is wonderland :sparkles: 
insta19837 :glowing_star: 
insta19838 lovely little maddy :smiling_face: 
insta19839 sporting the with 
insta19840 night swimming anyone? 
insta19841 's braid 
insta19842 meet my boy toy :bear: 
insta19843 ...older bro :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19844 the night rider 
insta19845 you're missin out! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19846 masons cheeks!! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19848 best part 
insta19849 hello!!! 
insta19850 lol thanks :smiling_face: 
insta19851 lol ... dysfunctional 
insta19852 and broddd 
insta19854 "... to be honest, i dropped some watermelon in the pantry but was too lazy to pick that shit up." - 
insta19855 hehe :clapping_hands: 
insta19856 leemonnnnn 
insta19857 milffff 
insta19858 :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19859 teeth time :flushed_face: 
insta19860 :skull: 
insta19861 thanks and for these shorts :green_heart: 
insta19862 guud luuks 
insta19863 found a cheetah 
insta19864 :winking_face: 
insta19865 :sun: 
insta19866 lil 3rd grade meee :smiling_face: 
insta19867 concentrating...i just had to be a part of if :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19868 malibu...moving here when i'm older :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19869 wuduppp :victory_hand: 
insta19870 lil and me :smiling_face:...happy 15th sister! :red_heart: 
insta19871 happy birthday !!! love you dodo much! you make me crazy sometimes but don't know what i would do without you. youre my bff! have a great day crazy girl. ps...happy 12th youngin :winking_face: :blue_heart::purple_heart::growing_heart::green_heart::red_heart: 
insta19872 beach day :sun: 
insta19874 driving home and saw myself on a billboard 
insta19875 new belt 
insta19876 lol 2009...the cards kylie sent me from camp 
insta19877 miss you 
insta19879 we don't give a fuuuu ... i spy 
insta19880 franklin's back, back again! 
insta19881 excuse me? 
insta19882 "we fit like a puzzle piece! du du nun du nun" 
insta19883 :relieved_face: 
insta19884 gen lux 
insta19885 gen lux 
insta19887 mermaids are real everybody! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta19888 my babyyyyyy 
insta19889 hehe :oncoming_fist: 
insta19890 had fun with and khloe 
insta19891 sista 
insta19892 all mah wieners 
insta19893 serving my friends :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19894 thank you so much to everyone who came!!! :purple_heart: 
insta19895 bowling baby 
insta19896 new cuddle buddy! :smiling_face: 
insta19897 watching my dad at the olympics on the plane :smiling_face: 
insta19898 messy messy :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19899 wish i could pull these off! 
insta19900 hot? 
insta19901 maybach's on bach's on bach's 
insta19902 miss you ! 
insta19904 i'm home :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19905 all my babies together again :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta19906 last night 
insta19907 i found ya !!! 
insta19908 my disguise for the night :winking_face: 
insta19909 back to nyc on sunday! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19911 behind the scenes...flavor mag :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19912 dusting off the old gear :horse: 
insta19913 ain't no party like an iphone party! 
insta19914 :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta19915 getting sent flowers twice in one week...people really know how to put a smile on my face! thank you 
insta19916 this is what we do for fun :thumbs_up::sport_utility_vehicle: 
insta19917 getting sent pretty flowers > 
insta19918 :bikini: 
insta19919 making slushies...what flavor? 
insta19920 :skull: 
insta19922 i'm a spiky dinosaur :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19923 teen choiceyyyy :waving_hand: 
insta19924 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta19925 messy braid for teen choice 
insta19926 yummy yummy :shaved_ice: 
insta19927 u comfy jerm? 
insta19928 finger friends :angry_face::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19931 mysterious :winking_face: 
insta19932 whachu know bout me?! 
insta19933 :oncoming_fist: 
insta19934 fierce hunnayy 
insta19935 princess dress :smiling_face: 
insta19936 welcome to da circus (only posting this pic because mason is too cute!) 
insta19937 long walks :snail: :turtle: 
insta19938 2 million followers! wow. thank you!!! :red_heart::red_heart::red_heart: 
insta19939 loll crying...me looking like the grudge :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta19940 bbq 
insta19942 masons new friend 
insta19943 oh hiii :elephant: 
insta19944 yesss 
insta19946 yes friends, these are my party pants :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta19947 sup babesss 
insta19948 danny zukoooooo 
insta19949 blowin bubbles y'all 
insta19950 pigtailsss :smiling_face: 
insta19951 snapple party 
insta19954 puppy party :dog_face: 
insta19955 last week i was in my otha otha benz 
insta19956 welcome to the good life 
insta19961 stuuu 
insta19962 happy birthday !! 
insta19963 happy birthday !!!! love you sister! :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart::heart_with_arrow: 
insta19964 rollers and a cycocycle 
insta19965 surprised me this morning with a visit from this cutie! 
insta19966 saving lives! 
insta19967 's new puppy 
insta19968 segway mobbin 
insta19970 found my ring! stole it :angry_face: 
insta19971 it's still 
insta19972 hacked 
insta19974 lol sends me sneaky pics of us napping last night 
insta19975 fav pup :yellow_heart: 
insta19976 toothless jerm! 
insta19977 :sunrise_over_mountains: 
insta19979 blurred 
insta19980 :sparkles: 
insta19981 :thumbs_up: 
insta19982 :United_States: 
insta19983 the bu 
insta19984 :fireworks: 
insta19985 happy 4th :United_States: 
insta19986 4th of july cupcakes :OK_hand: 
insta19987 otter pops galore 
insta19988 head honcho got my seat back 
insta19990 too bad you don't got a best friend like mine! :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::winking_face: 
insta19991 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta19992 my little muffin pop! :blue_heart: 
insta19993 mase likes to hold my hand during car rides :smiling_face: 
insta19994 hi! 
insta19995 :United_States: :United_States: :United_States: 
insta19996 :honeybee: 
insta19999 best thing! 
insta20000 masons baby jordan's :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta20001 hello malibu :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta20002 the usual bagel run 
insta20003 ... think about it :winking_face: 
insta20004 i love ... :broken_heart: 
insta20005 :sunrise_over_mountains: 
insta20006 :woman_dancing::woman_dancing: 
insta20007 whats that?:ear:... i know, i know...i'm a great big sister ;) 
insta20008 just too good 
insta20009 you go ! 
insta20010 stas watching cartoons 
insta20011 happy birthday khloe!!! love you so much. your the greatest sister and mommy! :smiling_face: :purple_heart::blue_heart::green_heart::red_heart: 
insta20012 kylie an i have the best manager! 
insta20013 it's tiny! 
insta20014 strawberry milkshake :strawberry: :growing_heart: 
insta20015 me and lover boy :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta20016 heyy big! :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta20017 he's a beauty 
insta20018 love himmm :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::horse_face: 
insta20019 found my old saddle 
insta20020 poolside :sun: 
insta20021 is a profesh sock bunner 
insta20022 partner in crime :winking_face: 
insta20023 faviess :victory_hand: 
insta20024 :oncoming_fist: 
insta20025 dying! bird pooped on her head :face_with_tears_of_joy: 
insta20026 we've got the goodies 
insta20027 mason fishing 
insta20028 cleaning out my closet, clothes anyone? :dress::kimono::bikini::ribbon::woman’s_hat: 
insta20029 the only thing me and my dad text each other, i love you's :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20030 love this pic of me my dad and kylie :red_heart: 
insta20031 wounded babies :pensive_face: 
insta20032 :dolphin:! 
insta20033 soooo happy i found my baby :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: 
insta20034 new wildfox :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20035 vinny's grilled cheese and lemonade 
insta20036 "do you want my phone number?" 
insta20037 um get out of my bed? :pensive_face: 
insta20038 mini me 
insta20039 working ky 
insta20040 mahh boys 
insta20042 built this...not getting on it! 
insta20043 streeeetch 
insta20044 oldieee 
insta20045 golf shoes, golf balls 
insta20046 :flag_in_hole: 
insta20047 happy fathers day to robert kardashian sr. :red_heart: wish you were here to see your beautiful kids and all of us where we are now. 
insta20048 happy fathers day dad! i love you more than you know. you the best thing that's happened to me and the best father a girl could ask for. i love you dad! :red_heart: 
insta20049 shorts and :woman’s_boot:'s 
insta20050 my little baby girl :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20051 :sun: 
insta20052 :party_popper::red_heart: 
insta20053 spencey's a grad! :graduation_cap: 
insta20054 just cooking 
insta20055 laying out :sun: 
insta20056 baby snake :snake: 
insta20057 whipping them out! 
insta20058 my swaggy baby :red_heart: 
insta20059 and the keychain just keeps growing lol 
insta20060 sick kenya :face_with_medical_mask::pensive_face: 
insta20061 morningg :sun: 
insta20062 :sparkles: 
insta20063 giraffe nation this goes out to you! 
insta20064 it's been a long day... 
insta20065 "freckle!" - 
insta20066 chucky cheese on em! 
insta20067 new pants 
insta20068 made me breakfast :smirking_face: aww, thankssss 
insta20069 "i like guys who wear abercrombie and fitch" :watermelon: 
insta20070 cuties :watermelon: 
insta20071 cuddling with my kiki's watching a movie 
insta20072 the best 
insta20073 looking at dads old news papers 
insta20074 what did you do to me? i have a frooo lol 
insta20075 don't know if i'm supposed to eat these...oh well :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20076 she sits in the back because she thinks i'm her driver. :unamused_face: 
insta20077 me and 
insta20078 this is my "i'm in love with " face :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20079 try to catch us riddin dirtayy :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta20080 all dayyyyy ...waiting for my bro with the surfboards :person_surfing: 
insta20081 :red_heart: 
insta20082 :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: :person_swimming::night_with_stars: 
insta20083 just got my flavor mag in the mail. looks amazing! :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta20084 just found this in my room. love you too dad :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: :red_heart: 
insta20085 left my house and come home to these kids still at my house watching sports center lol :purple_heart: 
insta20086 why so bomb? 
insta20087 summa twime :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes::party_popper: 
insta20088 :snake: 
insta20089 don't fall off the bed now ky... 
insta20090 and cant study... so i braid 
insta20091 cutest salt and pepper shakers ever! :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta20092 even as :baby:'s ... 
insta20094 someone's trying to kill me....lol 
insta20095 sorry mom...stealing your jordan's :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::running_shoe: 
insta20096 guess who :person_taking_bath: 
insta20097 they're sleepy :dog_face::ZZZ: 
insta20098 wedding twime :bouquet: 
insta20100 famm 
insta20101 nice way to start off the day :person_surfing: 
insta20102 goodmorning rainbow! :rainbow: 
insta20103 love them 
insta20104 klutzy ky 
insta20105 :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes::green_heart: 
insta20106 the beautiful couple :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20107 :sunrise: 
insta20108 shep shep's a make-up wiz! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20109 paradise :water_wave::cherry_blossom::spiral_shell::sailboat: 
insta20110 can't believe i was 14! the great 
insta20111 the children... 
insta20112 :airplane: 
insta20113 hi friend! :cherry_blossom::dolphin::hibiscus: 
insta20114 sissy :woman_dancing::woman_dancing: photo by 
insta20115 today's look :yellow_heart: 
insta20116 laying in mom and dads bed watching movies :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20117 tutor buds :victory_hand: 
insta20118 bonded 4 lyfe :oncoming_fist: 
insta20119 jusss chillen :thumbs_up: 
insta20120 kitty :tiger_face: 
insta20121 beautiful child :baby: 
insta20122 me and are in love :winking_face_with_tongue::blue_heart: 
insta20123 yum fooddd! 
insta20124 i'm right here kenya 
insta20125 what are doing? get off my tutor.... 
insta20126 ay louis :waving_hand: 
insta20127 tutor twime with :memo::open_book: 
insta20128 :shaved_ice: 
insta20129 the bird is back! 
insta20130 :ring::ribbon::blue_heart: 
insta20131 love you ! :( 
insta20132 swimming with mase :person_swimming: 
insta20133 might need to grab a jacket... :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta20134 ah! it has eyelashes! :smiling_face: 
insta20135 hi gorgeous! 
insta20136 goooooodnight! :ZZZ: 
insta20137 :nail_polish::person_getting_haircut::kiss_mark: 
insta20138 señorita-justin timberlake jammin out with liz and 
insta20139 kylie cut my hair! more gone...bye bye :person_getting_haircut: 
insta20140 what a pretty day! 
insta20141 i should really be a professional key pimper. 
insta20142 miss already :pensive_face: :loudly_crying_face: 
insta20143 gunna miss all my senior girls! :( 
insta20144 they tore down my old house :( lots of memories in that house 
insta20145 hi errbody! :waving_hand: 
insta20146 yes. and i hold hands under the table. 
insta20147 i spy...me! 
insta20148 that's that ishh i don't like :OK_hand: 
insta20149 everyone say hi ben and tim! :growing_heart::green_heart: 
insta20150 off to vegas :victory_hand: 
insta20152 beeshe. my fav! 
insta20153 wango tango funnn 
insta20154 my new best friends! 
insta20155 babies :high-heeled_shoe: 
insta20156 hi wango tango! :musical_notes: 
insta20157 new ring, thanks khlo! 
insta20158 snack twime 
insta20160 oh yes! it's 
insta20162 :cow_face: 
insta20163 hello yummy! 
insta20164 ain't no thang but a chicken wang 
insta20165 breakfast! *** :winking_face: 
insta20166 hello my friend! :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta20167 driving home to all this! my family is officially car crazy 
insta20169 photoshoot :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20170 new ear cuff by 
insta20171 aw me and daddy :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta20172 :winking_face: 
insta20173 the usual convo with :unamused_face: :blue_heart: 
insta20174 today at my shoot with raine magazine 
insta20175 cut the crazy long locks! now just longish locks lol :person_getting_haircut: 
insta20176 just whipped it in scott's chrome audi r8 
insta20177 scotts new car. sickest thing. 
insta20178 hot chicks! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20179 lol i'm a kitty! 
insta20180 gettin to work :kiss_mark::nail_polish::person_getting_massage: 
insta20181 for when i'm good! ;) 
insta20182 it's a day for me! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20183 love my jobbbb 
insta20184 season 7! 
insta20185 jumbo jumbo cookie! 
insta20186 :squinting_face_with_tongue: :cat_face: 
insta20187 yummy, menchies! 
insta20188 "weee are younggggg!" 
insta20189 and are so cute 
insta20190 i love my babies :heart_with_arrow: 
insta20191 big bruce! :blue_heart::purple_heart::green_heart::growing_heart::red_heart::yellow_heart: 
insta20192 hair by :person_gesturing_OK::person_getting_haircut::person_getting_massage: 
insta20193 vinny, gettin his cook on! 
insta20194 kylie and i kidnapped shelli! shhh :angry_face_with_horns: 
insta20195 fun at my photoshoot! stylist , shes so funnn 
insta20196 nyc :cityscape_at_dusk: 
insta20197 visited yesterday! love working with them! big things coming :thumbs_up: 
insta20198 nails by :nail_polish: 
insta20199 glamed up! going to scott's restaurant opening with the fam 
insta20200 :kiss_mark: starting the day in nyc 
insta20201 these are the people i have to put up with everyday..... :movie_camera::green_heart: 
insta20202 rain! :umbrella_with_rain_drops: 
insta20203 wudup nyc :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20204 still obsessed 
insta20207 :ribbon: 
insta20208 ello 
insta20209 she's so pwetty :blue_heart: 
insta20211 :fireworks: 
insta20212 mexican food tonight 
insta20213 lol 
insta20214 louis' first time to the beach :dog_face::water_wave: loves it 
insta20215 malibu livin 
insta20216 meet my doggies :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: :dog_face: 
insta20217 lookin good :purple_heart: 
insta20218 thee best :dress: 
insta20219 obsessed :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20221 goodmorning 
insta20222 ah little ky's growin up! 
insta20223 mason's such a stud. 
insta20224 happy easter :rabbit_face: 
insta20225 it's love! :dog_face: :blue_heart: 
insta20226 these were the days! 
insta20227 baby dolce :pensive_face: miss him. 
insta20228 bye bye disneyland...till next time :smiling_face: 
insta20229 missin that casa day campo :kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta20230 omg my moms becoming more car crazy than scott! 
insta20231 waves by he's the best 
insta20232 bestest big brother in the world :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::face_blowing_a_kiss::kissing_face_with_closed_eyes: 
insta20233 going home, bye bye dominican republic :pensive_face: 
insta20235 its the new thing... :thumbs_up: 
insta20236 my bestest friend 
insta20237 my fweinds 
insta20238 cuddle seshhh 
insta20239 paradise 
insta20240 omg i don't know where i am but it feels so good 
insta20241 new kicks :running_shoe: 
insta20242 's the best! 
insta20243 love 
insta20245 rescued baby kittens! cutest thing ever! :cat_face: 
insta20246 go mavs :basketball: 
insta20247 ello 
insta20248 miss summer :( 
insta20249 mmmmm 
insta20250 just great. 
insta20251 thanks ky! 
insta20252 ballinnnn :basketball: 
insta20253 jambaaa 
insta20254 aahhh! i'm in love :growing_heart: 
insta20256 hey andrei! :movie_camera: 
insta20257 work that monkaayy! 
insta20258 wonder what's trending on twitter right now....oh. 
insta20260 should i run her over? or.... 
insta20261 night ky 
insta20262 lemon cookies with lemon icing...heaven 
insta20263 's birthday dinner. 
insta20264 vinny's just the greatest 
insta20266 :rainbow: 
insta20267 earlier today on the flight to vegas :cloud: 
insta20268 thee best! yum 
insta20269 love him very much :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20270 photo booth seshhh with and 
insta20271 shopping 
insta20272 and i just devoured this grilled cheese.... 
insta20274 ready for vegggas! 
insta20275 :winking_face_with_tongue: off to vegas 
insta20276 workin hard! 
insta20277 watching loony toons in english class :face_screaming_in_fear: 
insta20278 the danny's! 
insta20279 vice dates! :green_heart: 
insta20280 lil skye! :pig_face: 
insta20282 free period fun :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20283 last kings but i'm still on my queen ishhhh 
insta20284 my gurrlllssss! 
insta20285 school dayzzz 
insta20286 :kiss_mark: bing box twime 
insta20287 omg, he's adorable. 
insta20288 hey there hot stuff! :baby: 
insta20289 :shaved_ice::soft_ice_cream: 
insta20290 happy sunday! :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20291 love this dog 
insta20292 missed him :horse_face: 
insta20293 so bomb.com 
insta20294 lol smile mase! 
insta20295 top of the world 
insta20296 photoshoot.... chillin :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20297 morning la :school: 
insta20298 "no pictures pwease!" 
insta20299 last kings :thumbs_up: 
insta20300 tanning and shwimmin in march :sun: 
insta20301 bring your dog to school day.... :dog_face: 
insta20302 jules :green_heart: 
insta20303 thee best! 
insta20304 squishy! :fish: 
insta20305 full house... 
insta20306 photo time part 2! 
insta20307 :memo::trade_mark: 
insta20309 hi vinny! 
insta20310 yum! dinner time lol 
insta20311 vinny's bread 
insta20312 look at who we found at pick up stix! 
insta20313 school photo time 
insta20314 lol sitting all alone, making rainbow cupcakes. 
insta20315 big pimpin :thumbs_up: photoshoot twime 
insta20316 aww thanks lol 
insta20317 chiissss :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20318 :person_gesturing_OK::person_gesturing_NO::person_tipping_hand::face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20319 hiking! 
insta20320 class twime 
insta20321 got me a shot! 
insta20322 :high_voltage: 
insta20323 all done! 
insta20324 i'm such an artist 
insta20325 i've missed khloe! :growing_heart::growing_heart::growing_heart: 
insta20326 i'm so gangsta 
insta20327 for ya! 
insta20328 "i feel like beds are dirty, so i pay people to lay under me"-kylie lol 
insta20329 best coffee cake ever! 
insta20330 photoshoot today with nick! 
insta20331 simba! 
insta20332 :person_gesturing_OK::person_tipping_hand: 
insta20333 i'm finally ridin dirty 
insta20335 my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard! 
insta20336 :hamburger: 
insta20338 gave me a bloody nose yesterday :( saved me 
insta20339 still brunette! don't worry kids! :squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta20340 blonde hair? 
insta20341 hellooooo little bee 
insta20342 oh ya! pj day ya! 
insta20343 and his dead rose 
insta20344 ky and heath 
insta20345 ky! *checking herself out* 
insta20346 ky! 
insta20347 back on the wheaties box! go dad! 
insta20348 getting his work done :memo::open_book: 
insta20349 mason is so romantic on valentines day :) 
insta20350 happy valentines day! 
insta20351 ringpop 
insta20352 random little boy gave me this rose today :) 
insta20353 hi mom! 
insta20354 hi there! 
insta20355 i love mason! 
insta20356 long hair, don't care :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20357 big ballin shawty milla putin 
insta20358 this broccoli looks dangerous... 
insta20359 haha happy birthday !! 
insta20361 come home dolce! :pensive_face: 
insta20362 it's cynthia! 
insta20363 chicken nachos 
insta20364 twins and we don't even try :winking_face: 
insta20366 i'm still, i'm still jenny from the block! 
insta20367 guess who's eye this is! 
insta20368 sick shoes 
insta20369 :dress: 
insta20370 shiest's 
insta20371 hello hollywood! 
insta20372 last night at the vow 
insta20373 the vow...awww 
insta20374 "welcome to the jungle" - 
insta20375 skye's just the cutest! 
insta20376 ankh henna :fireworks: 
insta20377 the beach makes me happy! 
insta20379 little help ?! 
insta20380 :running_shoe: 
insta20381 kids... 
insta20382 masons playhouse 
insta20383 her "i want food" face 
insta20384 hi gabanna? 
insta20386 just cookin 
insta20387 day 2 
insta20388 breakfast of champions. 
insta20389 :headphone: yo skrill drop it hard! 
insta20390 o.m.g. 
insta20391 chewy vuiton for louis :dog_face: 
insta20392 don't mess with your earring during class...it will get stuck :flushed_face: 
insta20393 look who came to visit! bella! :blue_heart: 
insta20394 :high-heeled_shoe: cookies 
insta20395 :guard::man::person_wearing_turban: 
insta20396 his eyes! :dog_face: 
insta20397 taught me how to draw! 
insta20398 :red_heart: 
insta20399 english twime 
insta20400 yum in my tum 
insta20401 the homies 
insta20402 sunset :sun: 
insta20403 :pensive_face: 
insta20404 gotta love malibu! 
insta20405 supercross 
insta20406 don't worry people, i did not cute it short :) 
insta20407 packing and stacking 
insta20409 :ZZZ: 
insta20410 my love :dog_face: 
insta20411 bear paw! (aka louis' paw) 
insta20412 typical pissed face.. 
insta20413 "smile!" 
insta20414 the best :hamburger: 
insta20415 jay little, my boy reg, and little 
insta20416 the crew 
insta20417 :pig_face: 
insta20418 waaddd upp 
insta20419 cow :cow_face: 
insta20420 i'm just a mess 
insta20421 :basketball::woman’s_boot: 
insta20422 go dallas 
insta20423 lam! 
insta20424 mavs game tonight! 
insta20425 mavs! :basketball: 
insta20426 hey and noah 
insta20427 hey there :man: 
insta20428 just chillinnnn 
insta20429 me and my hair stylist from sherri hill 
insta20430 mason likes to hold my hand in the car :) :raised_hand: 
insta20431 hi mase! 
insta20432 ram and rom! 
insta20433 me and my boo boo 
insta20434 twins! 
insta20435 finals... hard at work 
insta20436 2 fav kids 
insta20437 "omg dont take a picture, i havent shaved!! 
insta20438 best bread in the world! lol 
insta20439 fell asleep with my friends little puppy, she's adorable :dog_face: 
insta20440 frozen strawberry lemonade, yum! :strawberry: 
insta20441 yummy! sliders! :hamburger::hamburger::hamburger: 
insta20442 temple run ohhh ya! :person_running: 
insta20443 how pwetty is he! :grinning_face_with_big_eyes: 
insta20444 mid bite :teacup_without_handle::squinting_face_with_tongue: 
insta20445 :smiling_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20446 full moon :crescent_moon: 
insta20447 meet martha! :woman: 
insta20448 whoosh!:dashing_away: 
insta20449 teehee! tiny head :winking_face_with_tongue: 
insta20450 :winking_face: 
insta20451 rock shrimp...yummy! :sushi: 
insta20452 me and hittin up the cycle :chequered_flag: 
insta20453 me and cotton :green_heart: 
insta20454 little cotton! :bear: 
insta20455 little me :beaming_face_with_smiling_eyes: 
insta20456 :running_shoe: 
insta20457 :eyes: 
insta20458 school twime 
insta20459 the crew 
insta20460 :kiss_mark: 
insta20461 :party_popper::party_popper::party_popper: 
insta20462 prom twime! 
insta20463 beautiful little girl 
insta20464 i miss nyc :( 
insta20465 hellooo 
insta20466 kisses! :face_blowing_a_kiss: 
insta20467 tired little baby 
insta20468 wud up! 
insta20469 ima cheerleader! 
insta20470 cutie! 
insta20471 alvin and the chipmunks! 
insta20472 they love to cuddle 
insta20473 :red_heart::dog_face: 
insta20474 kylie loves her jerry's deli in the morning lol 
insta20475 christmas twime pj's! 
insta20476 yum 
insta20477 :Christmas_tree: 
insta20478 sleepy little babies 
insta20479 my beautiful little baby girl, vuitton 
insta20480 making cupcakes 
insta20481 delicious. 
insta20482 most amazing hot chocolate 
insta20483 my new friend :) 
insta20484 my cowboy :) 
insta20485 :) 
insta20486 mase man! 
insta20487 cooking twime! 
insta20488 best cookie ever! i love christmas time 
insta20489 lol hiii lamar! 
insta20490 milkshake twime! 
insta20491 clothes twime! 
insta20492 stwaberry twime! 
insta20493 ice cweam twime 
insta20496 shirley temple yumm 
insta20497 dinner 
insta20498 spencie and sebbie 
insta20499 littleee 
insta20500 my new obsession 
insta20501 thanksgiving dinner 
insta20502 school daysss 
insta20503 d-jordannnn 
insta20504 dolce! 
insta20505 up up and away 
insta20506 time square :) 
insta20507 nyc! 
insta20508 joycee! 
insta20509 this is raven! hes a beaut 
insta20510 kramer! 
insta20511 cowgirl :) 
insta20512 <3 
insta20513 i love me and kylie's nail polish colors! 
insta20514 fammm 
insta20515 disneyland! 